aarhuský		UNRESOLVED
abaujský		UNRESOLVED
abbevillienský		UNRESOLVED
abelský		UNRESOLVED
ábíčkovský		UNRESOLVED
abilympijský		UNRESOLVED
abomejský		UNRESOLVED
aboriginský		UNRESOLVED
ačamčirský		UNRESOLVED
acapulský		UNRESOLVED Z: Acapulco
achaimenovský		UNRESOLVED
acheulléenský		UNRESOLVED
achimotský		UNRESOLVED
ackionářský		UNRESOLVED
adamauský		UNRESOLVED
addisabebský		UNRESOLVED
aditivářský		UNRESOLVED
adlerberský		UNRESOLVED
adygejský		UNRESOLVED
aeolský		UNRESOLVED
aginský		UNRESOLVED
aglipayanský		UNRESOLVED
agulhaský		UNRESOLVED
aischylovský		UNRESOLVED
aithiopský		UNRESOLVED
aitolský		UNRESOLVED
ajonský		UNRESOLVED
ajurvédský		UNRESOLVED
akdžakajský		UNRESOLVED
aksaičínský		UNRESOLVED
aktjubinský		UNRESOLVED
akvilejský		UNRESOLVED
alacalufský		UNRESOLVED
alajský		UNRESOLVED
albigenský		UNRESOLVED
aleppský		UNRESOLVED Z: Aleppo
algeciraský		UNRESOLVED
algesiraský		UNRESOLVED
algonkinský		UNRESOLVED
aljašský		UNRESOLVED Z: Aljaška
alkajský		UNRESOLVED
allgavský		UNRESOLVED
almaatský		UNRESOLVED
alpínský		UNRESOLVED Z: Alpy
alpskodunajský		UNRESOLVED
alšovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Aleš
altelandský		UNRESOLVED
aluminiářský		UNRESOLVED Z: aluminium
alžbětinský		UNRESOLVED Z: Alžběta
amadeovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Amadeus
amalfinský		UNRESOLVED
amalfský		UNRESOLVED
amamský		UNRESOLVED
ambrakijský		UNRESOLVED
ambroziánský		UNRESOLVED
americkočeský		UNRESOLVED
amontilladský		UNRESOLVED
amorejský		UNRESOLVED
amsterdamský		UNRESOLVED
anabarský		UNRESOLVED
anadyrský		UNRESOLVED
anakreontský		UNRESOLVED
anasazijský		UNRESOLVED
ancyrský		UNRESOLVED
andaluský		UNRESOLVED Z: Andalusie
andělskohorský		UNRESOLVED
andílkovský		UNRESOLVED
andorský		UNRESOLVED Z: Andorra
andrušovský		UNRESOLVED
anenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Anna
anežský		UNRESOLVED Z: Anežka
angeleský		UNRESOLVED
angevinský		UNRESOLVED
anglickočeský		UNRESOLVED
anjujský		UNRESOLVED
annanský		UNRESOLVED
antalyjský		UNRESOLVED
antillský		UNRESOLVED Z: Atila
antimovský		UNRESOLVED
antiochejský		UNRESOLVED
antiocheský		UNRESOLVED
anykščiaiský		UNRESOLVED
anzerský		UNRESOLVED
apalačský		UNRESOLVED
apolinský		UNRESOLVED
apollinský		UNRESOLVED
appalačský		UNRESOLVED
applovský		UNRESOLVED
aquilejský		UNRESOLVED
aquitánský		UNRESOLVED
arakčejevský		UNRESOLVED
araksanský		UNRESOLVED
aramejský		UNRESOLVED
aranžerský		UNRESOLVED
arboretářský		UNRESOLVED Z: arboretum
archimédovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Archimedes
arelatský		UNRESOLVED
argejský		UNRESOLVED
argolský		UNRESOLVED
arhuský		UNRESOLVED
aristotelský		UNRESOLVED Z: Aristoteles
arkadokyperský		UNRESOLVED
arkansaský		UNRESOLVED Z: Arkansas
arsakovský		UNRESOLVED
artéský		UNRESOLVED
artézský		UNRESOLVED
aruntský		UNRESOLVED
arvernský		UNRESOLVED
asijiský		UNRESOLVED
askanijský		UNRESOLVED
askánský		UNRESOLVED
askeranský		UNRESOLVED
aškeranský		UNRESOLVED
astijský		UNRESOLVED
astracháňský		UNRESOLVED
asyrský		UNRESOLVED Z: Asýrie
athabaský		UNRESOLVED
atlaský		UNRESOLVED Z: Atlas
auburnský		UNRESOLVED
australský		UNRESOLVED Z: Austrálie
austroasijský		UNRESOLVED
austronéský		UNRESOLVED
autsajderský		UNRESOLVED
aventýnský		UNRESOLVED
avizský		UNRESOLVED
axminsterský		UNRESOLVED
ayacušský		UNRESOLVED
babijarský		UNRESOLVED
baburádovský		UNRESOLVED
badachšanský		UNRESOLVED
badárský		UNRESOLVED
bahijský		UNRESOLVED
bahranský		UNRESOLVED
bahtuský		UNRESOLVED
bajcířský		UNRESOLVED
balíčkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: balíček
balijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Bali
balineský		UNRESOLVED
balintovský		UNRESOLVED
baltofinský		UNRESOLVED
baltoslovanský		UNRESOLVED
balzakovský		UNRESOLVED
banderovský		UNRESOLVED
bankivský		UNRESOLVED
banyoleský		UNRESOLVED
baodajovský		UNRESOLVED
baraganský		UNRESOLVED
barbadoský		UNRESOLVED Z: Barbados
barchesterský		UNRESOLVED
bardějovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Bardejov
barídšáhovský		UNRESOLVED
baskervilský		UNRESOLVED
baskitský		UNRESOLVED
bašťanský		UNRESOLVED
baťohářský		UNRESOLVED Z: batoh
batumský		UNRESOLVED
baudelairovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Baudelaire
bavorskočeský		UNRESOLVED
bejrutský		UNRESOLVED Z: Bejrút
belianský		UNRESOLVED Z: Belmondo
belmondovský		UNRESOLVED
beltwilský		UNRESOLVED
běluňský		UNRESOLVED
benedinkýnský		UNRESOLVED Z: Benediktýn
beneventský		UNRESOLVED
berehovský		UNRESOLVED
bergamský		UNRESOLVED
berijovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Berija
berkeleyský		UNRESOLVED
beřkovský		UNRESOLVED
berkshirský		UNRESOLVED
bermundský		UNRESOLVED Z: Bermudy
berzdorfský		UNRESOLVED
besarabský		UNRESOLVED
beslanský		UNRESOLVED Z: Beslan
betlemářský		UNRESOLVED
beuronský		UNRESOLVED
bídarský		UNRESOLVED
birmanský		UNRESOLVED
birnamský		UNRESOLVED
biskajský		UNRESOLVED Z: Biskaj
bitcevský		UNRESOLVED
bíthýnský		UNRESOLVED
bítýšský		UNRESOLVED Z: Bitýška
blagoveščenský		UNRESOLVED
bláznovský		UNRESOLVED Z: blázen
blbečkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: blbeček
blíževedelský		UNRESOLVED
bobrujský		UNRESOLVED
bogdanečský		UNRESOLVED
boholidský		UNRESOLVED
bohovský		UNRESOLVED Z: bůh
bolivariánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Bolívar
bolívariánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Bolívar
bolivijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Bolívie
bollingenský		UNRESOLVED
boltanský		UNRESOLVED
bolzanský		UNRESOLVED Z: Bolzano
bononský		UNRESOLVED
booleanovský		UNRESOLVED
boolovský		UNRESOLVED
bordovský		UNRESOLVED
bordóžský		UNRESOLVED
borisoglebský		UNRESOLVED
bornejský		UNRESOLVED
boromejský		UNRESOLVED
bosenskosrbský		UNRESOLVED
bosonožský		UNRESOLVED Z: Bosonohy
botlichský		UNRESOLVED
botlišský		UNRESOLVED
bouloňský		UNRESOLVED
brachtovský		UNRESOLVED
braclavský		UNRESOLVED
brandejský		UNRESOLVED Z: Brandejs
branenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Branná
brankařský		UNRESOLVED
braquovský		UNRESOLVED
brasilský		UNRESOLVED
břaský		UNRESOLVED
brazilský		UNRESOLVED Z: Brazílie
břehyňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Břehyně
breslovský		UNRESOLVED
brestlitevský		UNRESOLVED
brestovanský		UNRESOLVED
bretoňský		UNRESOLVED
brettonwoodský		UNRESOLVED
břevský		UNRESOLVED
březiněveský		UNRESOLVED Z: Březiněves
březiněvský		UNRESOLVED Z: Březiněves
březohorský		UNRESOLVED
břístevský		UNRESOLVED
britskoitalský		UNRESOLVED
britskošvédský		UNRESOLVED
brjanský		UNRESOLVED
brnišťský		UNRESOLVED Z: Brniště
broučkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: brouček
brummelloský		UNRESOLVED
buckinghamský		UNRESOLVED Z: Buckingham
budatínský		UNRESOLVED
buďonnovský		UNRESOLVED
buďonovský		UNRESOLVED
budyňský		UNRESOLVED
buenosaireský		UNRESOLVED
buffalský		UNRESOLVED
buhenský		UNRESOLVED
bújovský		UNRESOLVED
bukovohorský		UNRESOLVED
bukowský		UNRESOLVED
buloňský		UNRESOLVED
burgundánský		UNRESOLVED
burundský		UNRESOLVED
bybloský		UNRESOLVED
bysterský		UNRESOLVED
byzantinský		UNRESOLVED Z: Byzanc
byzantský		UNRESOLVED Z: Byzanc
bzovský		UNRESOLVED
čabajský		UNRESOLVED
cabanatuanský		UNRESOLVED
čačanský		UNRESOLVED
čagoský		UNRESOLVED
cajunský		UNRESOLVED
čakavský		UNRESOLVED
calaiský		UNRESOLVED
calendžiský		UNRESOLVED
cambridžský		UNRESOLVED Z: Cambridge
campdavidský		UNRESOLVED
campoformijský		UNRESOLVED
čančunský		UNRESOLVED
čankajškovský		UNRESOLVED
cankařský		UNRESOLVED
canneský		UNRESOLVED Z: Cannes
cantervillský		UNRESOLVED Z: Canterville
cantonvilleský		UNRESOLVED Z: Cantonville
caracaský		UNRESOLVED Z: Caracas
caravaggiovský		UNRESOLVED
carletonský		UNRESOLVED
carpentarský		UNRESOLVED
carskoselský		UNRESOLVED
cášský		UNRESOLVED Z: Cáchy
castrovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Castro
čataldžský		UNRESOLVED
čavínský		UNRESOLVED
cayenský		UNRESOLVED
cchajdamský		UNRESOLVED
čchuanský		UNRESOLVED
čechokanadský		UNRESOLVED
čechyňský		UNRESOLVED
ceciliánský		UNRESOLVED
céčkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: céčko
cédéčkářský		UNRESOLVED Z: cédéčko
čekyňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Čeladná
čeladenský		UNRESOLVED
celebeský		UNRESOLVED
čelechovský		UNRESOLVED
čeljabinský		UNRESOLVED Z: Čeljabinsk
čelovský		UNRESOLVED
čemorský		UNRESOLVED
čeňkovský		UNRESOLVED
cenobitský		UNRESOLVED
čenstochovský		UNRESOLVED
čepirožský		UNRESOLVED
čerkaský		UNRESOLVED
čerkeský		UNRESOLVED
čermenský		UNRESOLVED
černský		UNRESOLVED
čerokijský		UNRESOLVED
červeňanský		UNRESOLVED
červenohorský		UNRESOLVED
červenolhotský		UNRESOLVED
červenomlýnský		UNRESOLVED
červenovodský		UNRESOLVED
čewský		UNRESOLVED
cézannovský		UNRESOLVED
cézský		UNRESOLVED
chabarovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Chabarovsk
chabertonský		UNRESOLVED
chajbarský		UNRESOLVED
chaldejský		UNRESOLVED
chálistánský		UNRESOLVED
chalkedonský		UNRESOLVED
chameleonský		UNRESOLVED Z: chameleon
chartreský		UNRESOLVED
chasavjurtský		UNRESOLVED
chattijský		UNRESOLVED
cheléenský		UNRESOLVED
chelminský		UNRESOLVED
chentijský		UNRESOLVED
chersonský		UNRESOLVED
cheshirský		UNRESOLVED
cheucerovský		UNRESOLVED
chiapaský		UNRESOLVED
chicagský		UNRESOLVED Z: Chicago
chiláfatský		UNRESOLVED
chilkootský		UNRESOLVED
chiricahujský		UNRESOLVED
chitwanský		UNRESOLVED
chlumčanský		UNRESOLVED
chlystovský		UNRESOLVED
chminianský		UNRESOLVED
chodovoplánský		UNRESOLVED
chodskolhotský		UNRESOLVED
choryňský		UNRESOLVED
chotěnovský		UNRESOLVED
chotyňský		UNRESOLVED
chuchelský		UNRESOLVED
chvojnovský		UNRESOLVED
chýňavský		UNRESOLVED
chynorianský		UNRESOLVED
čilský		UNRESOLVED Z: Chile
cimljanský		UNRESOLVED
cincinnatský		UNRESOLVED
činěveský		UNRESOLVED Z: Činěves
čipevajský		UNRESOLVED
cividalský		UNRESOLVED
čkyňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Čkyně
claryovský		UNRESOLVED
člověčenský		UNRESOLVED Z: člověk
člověčský		UNRESOLVED Z: člověk
cloviský		UNRESOLVED
clunyjský		UNRESOLVED
cobolovský		UNRESOLVED Z: cobol
cobolský		UNRESOLVED Z: Colorado
coloradský		UNRESOLVED
columbijský		UNRESOLVED
comeniovský		UNRESOLVED
condillakovský		UNRESOLVED
conningtonský		UNRESOLVED
contrariánský		UNRESOLVED
cordóbský		UNRESOLVED Z: Cordóba
corneillovský		UNRESOLVED
cornevillský		UNRESOLVED
craxtonský		UNRESOLVED
cromagnonský		UNRESOLVED
croncelský		UNRESOLVED
crowfieldský		UNRESOLVED
ctiněveský		UNRESOLVED
čtyřlístkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: čtyřlístek
cugarský		UNRESOLVED
čukotský		UNRESOLVED Z: Čukotka
culdejský		UNRESOLVED
cyperský		UNRESOLVED
cyranovský		UNRESOLVED
czenstochowský		UNRESOLVED Z: Czenstochowa
daghestánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Dagestán
dagombský		UNRESOLVED
daidalský		UNRESOLVED
dainavský		UNRESOLVED
dajaský		UNRESOLVED
dákorumunský		UNRESOLVED
dallaský		UNRESOLVED Z: Dallas
dalmátský		UNRESOLVED Z: Dalmácie
damascénský		UNRESOLVED
damašský		UNRESOLVED Z: Damašek
danakilský		UNRESOLVED
darijský		UNRESOLVED
darovanský		UNRESOLVED
dářský		UNRESOLVED
daržský		UNRESOLVED
dastúrský		UNRESOLVED
davisovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Davis
davoský		UNRESOLVED Z: Davos
dedinský		UNRESOLVED
déesovský		UNRESOLVED
degaullovský		UNRESOLVED
dekánský		UNRESOLVED
dekelský		UNRESOLVED
délský		UNRESOLVED
demänovský		UNRESOLVED
dembčinský		UNRESOLVED
denverský		UNRESOLVED
děrákovský		UNRESOLVED
děrenský		UNRESOLVED
derkáwijský		UNRESOLVED
desenský		UNRESOLVED
dessewffyovský		UNRESOLVED
deštenský		UNRESOLVED
dětanský		UNRESOLVED
dětský		UNRESOLVED Z: dítě
diánský		UNRESOLVED
dierakovský		UNRESOLVED
dílenský		UNRESOLVED Z: dílna
diomédovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Diomédes
dionýský		UNRESOLVED Z: Dionýsos
dírenský		UNRESOLVED
dispašerský		UNRESOLVED
diversantský		UNRESOLVED Z: diverzant
dizajnérský		UNRESOLVED
djakovský		UNRESOLVED
dluhonský		UNRESOLVED
dněperský		UNRESOLVED Z: Dněpr
dněsterský		UNRESOLVED Z: Dněstr
dobřenský		UNRESOLVED
dobrotivský		UNRESOLVED
dobšinský		UNRESOLVED
dodekaneský		UNRESOLVED
dodekanéský		UNRESOLVED
dodrechtský		UNRESOLVED
dokeský		UNRESOLVED Z: Doksy
domácenský		UNRESOLVED
domingovský		UNRESOLVED
donášečský		UNRESOLVED Z: donašeč
donchuanovský		UNRESOLVED Z: donchuán
dongsonský		UNRESOLVED
donquijotský		UNRESOLVED
doopravdovský		UNRESOLVED
doorsovský		UNRESOLVED
doplňkářský		UNRESOLVED Z: doplňkář
dosovský		UNRESOLVED
drachovský		UNRESOLVED
drahaňský		UNRESOLVED
drahelský		UNRESOLVED
drahobyčský		UNRESOLVED
drakónský		UNRESOLVED
drátovenský		UNRESOLVED
dravidský		UNRESOLVED
dražinovský		UNRESOLVED
drčský		UNRESOLVED
dročkářský		UNRESOLVED
droždářský		UNRESOLVED Z: drožka
drožďářský		UNRESOLVED Z: Držtěkryje
drštěkryjský		UNRESOLVED Z: drůbež
drůběžářský		UNRESOLVED
druženářský		UNRESOLVED
držovský		UNRESOLVED Z: důchod
důchodenský		UNRESOLVED Z: duchovní
duchovenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Dukla
dukelský		UNRESOLVED
dukljanský		UNRESOLVED
důlněměřičský		UNRESOLVED Z: Dunaj
dunajský		UNRESOLVED
dušmanský		UNRESOLVED Z: Dvořiště
dvořišťský		UNRESOLVED
dwarský		UNRESOLVED
dynamovský		UNRESOLVED
dyvedský		UNRESOLVED
džambulský		UNRESOLVED
džeholský		UNRESOLVED
džemdetnasrský		UNRESOLVED
dzeržinský		UNRESOLVED
džungarský		UNRESOLVED
edesský		UNRESOLVED
ediakarský		UNRESOLVED
edwardiánský		UNRESOLVED
efeský		UNRESOLVED Z: Efes
efezský		UNRESOLVED Z: Efes
egejský		UNRESOLVED
ekavský		UNRESOLVED
ekvadorský		UNRESOLVED Z: Ekvádor
elidskský		UNRESOLVED
ellingtonovský		UNRESOLVED
elysejský		UNRESOLVED
emerovský		UNRESOLVED
emšerský		UNRESOLVED
endemouský		UNRESOLVED
eolský		UNRESOLVED
epeirský		UNRESOLVED
épeirský		UNRESOLVED
epikurejský		UNRESOLVED Z: Epikuros
epikúrejský		UNRESOLVED Z: Epikuros
epikúrovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Epikuros
epirský		UNRESOLVED
erasmovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Eramus
eridský		UNRESOLVED
erijský		UNRESOLVED
eritrejský		UNRESOLVED Z: Eritrea
ernstbrunnský		UNRESOLVED
essexský		UNRESOLVED
esterházovský		UNRESOLVED
etruský		UNRESOLVED Z: Etrusk
evenkijský		UNRESOLVED
faerský		UNRESOLVED
falesánský		UNRESOLVED
faliský		UNRESOLVED
familiantský		UNRESOLVED
fatranský		UNRESOLVED
fažanský		UNRESOLVED
febiovský		UNRESOLVED
felbabský		UNRESOLVED
fenianský		UNRESOLVED
feniánský		UNRESOLVED
fenosarmatský		UNRESOLVED
ferský		UNRESOLVED
fidžijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Fidži
filhelénský		UNRESOLVED
filipojakubský		UNRESOLVED
filosofský		UNRESOLVED Z: filosof
finskošvédský		UNRESOLVED
flaviovský		UNRESOLVED
floriánský		UNRESOLVED
fogazzarovský		UNRESOLVED
folsomský		UNRESOLVED
fordhamský		UNRESOLVED
fótiovský		UNRESOLVED
franchardský		UNRESOLVED
frankenský		UNRESOLVED
frankovlámský		UNRESOLVED
frazérský		UNRESOLVED
frisinský		UNRESOLVED
fryžský		UNRESOLVED Z: Fryg
frýžský		UNRESOLVED Z: Fryg
gabinovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Gabin
gaderský		UNRESOLVED
gagauzský		UNRESOLVED
gailtalský		UNRESOLVED
galapážský		UNRESOLVED
galikánský		UNRESOLVED
galilejský		UNRESOLVED
galořímský		UNRESOLVED
galorománský		UNRESOLVED
gambijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Gambie
ganžský		UNRESOLVED Z: Ganga
gardneriánský		UNRESOLVED
garganský		UNRESOLVED
garmský		UNRESOLVED
gatunský		UNRESOLVED
gatwlerský		UNRESOLVED
gdaňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Gdaňsk
gdyňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Gdyně
geatský		UNRESOLVED
gelasiánský		UNRESOLVED
genezaretský		UNRESOLVED
getašenský		UNRESOLVED
getsemanský		UNRESOLVED
gigolovský		UNRESOLVED Z: gigolo
gikujský		UNRESOLVED
gimontský		UNRESOLVED
giottovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Giotto
girgentánský		UNRESOLVED
gjandžinský		UNRESOLVED
glagolský		UNRESOLVED
glarnský		UNRESOLVED
glembayovský		UNRESOLVED
glückburský		UNRESOLVED
gobelinářský		UNRESOLVED
gobijský		UNRESOLVED
godulský		UNRESOLVED
goethovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Goethe
goidelský		UNRESOLVED
golicinský		UNRESOLVED
golovlevovský		UNRESOLVED
googlovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Google
goraždinský		UNRESOLVED
gorkovský		UNRESOLVED
gornozavodský		UNRESOLVED
gortýnský		UNRESOLVED
gotajský		UNRESOLVED
gothardtský		UNRESOLVED
gradišský		UNRESOLVED
grajský		UNRESOLVED
gregoriánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Gregor
grenobelský		UNRESOLVED Z: Grenoble
grodenský		UNRESOLVED
grodzieňský		UNRESOLVED
grömlingovský		UNRESOLVED
grozenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Groznyj
grunžijský		UNRESOLVED
guantánamský		UNRESOLVED Z: Guantánamo
guernseyský		UNRESOLVED
guinejský		UNRESOLVED Z: Guinea
gulripšský		UNRESOLVED
gutanský		UNRESOLVED
hafsovský		UNRESOLVED
haitský		UNRESOLVED Z: Haiti
halebský		UNRESOLVED
halštatský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hallstatt
hamasovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hamas
hamásovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hamas
hamiltonovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hamilton
hamiltonský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hamilton
hamirovský		UNRESOLVED
handeggský		UNRESOLVED
hanspaulský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hanspaulka
hantský		UNRESOLVED
hanýkeřský		UNRESOLVED
hapatykářský		UNRESOLVED
harefieldský		UNRESOLVED
harlémský		UNRESOLVED
harmagedonský		UNRESOLVED
harpendenský		UNRESOLVED
hašemitský		UNRESOLVED
hausbotářský		UNRESOLVED
hauský		UNRESOLVED
hauswaldský		UNRESOLVED
haverhillský		UNRESOLVED
havlíčkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Havlíček
házenářský		UNRESOLVED Z: házenkář
heligonářský		UNRESOLVED Z: heligonkář
heligónkářský		UNRESOLVED Z: Helsinky
helsinský		UNRESOLVED Z: Helsinky
henkinovský		UNRESOLVED
henochiánský		UNRESOLVED
herakleitovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Herakleitos
hérakleitovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Herakleitos
hercynský		UNRESOLVED
herkuleský		UNRESOLVED Z: Herkules
hermitovský		UNRESOLVED
hermopolský		UNRESOLVED
hérójský		UNRESOLVED
herostratovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Herostratos
hlásenský		UNRESOLVED
hlubočský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hluboč
hlubomořský		UNRESOLVED
hnězdenský		UNRESOLVED Z: hnojivo
hnojivářský		UNRESOLVED
hnúštianský		UNRESOLVED
hoabinhský		UNRESOLVED
hohokamský		UNRESOLVED
hollywodský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hollywood
holyňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Holyň
holywoodský		UNRESOLVED Z: Holywood
honduraský		UNRESOLVED Z: Honduras
honkonský		UNRESOLVED
honolulský		UNRESOLVED Z: Honolulu
hopewellský		UNRESOLVED
hořesedelský		UNRESOLVED
hormuzský		UNRESOLVED
horňanský		UNRESOLVED
horníčkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Horníček
hospitálský		UNRESOLVED Z: hospital
hospodyňský		UNRESOLVED Z: hospodyně
houstonský		UNRESOLVED Z: Houston
hrabůvský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hrabůvky
hrabyňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hrabyň
hracholuský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hracholusky
hrádečský		UNRESOLVED
hradinovský		UNRESOLVED
hradištský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hradiště
hrasenský		UNRESOLVED
hrazenářský		UNRESOLVED Z: hrazenkář
hřebčinský		UNRESOLVED Z: hřebčín
hředelský		UNRESOLVED
hrvatský		UNRESOLVED
hubertsburský		UNRESOLVED
humenský		UNRESOLVED
humlenský		UNRESOLVED
hurvínkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Hurvínek
husojedský		UNRESOLVED Z: Husojedy
huterský		UNRESOLVED
hutteriánský		UNRESOLVED
hvozdenský		UNRESOLVED
hyrkánský		UNRESOLVED
ibádijovský		UNRESOLVED
iberijský		UNRESOLVED
iberokavkazský		UNRESOLVED
iberorománský		UNRESOLVED
iboský		UNRESOLVED
ichetchuanský		UNRESOLVED
idževanský		UNRESOLVED
ifabovský		UNRESOLVED
ignaciánský		UNRESOLVED
ijsselský		UNRESOLVED
ikavský		UNRESOLVED
iksanský		UNRESOLVED
iľavský		UNRESOLVED
ilindenský		UNRESOLVED
illinoiský		UNRESOLVED
ilmenský		UNRESOLVED
ilyrijský		UNRESOLVED
independentský		UNRESOLVED
ingelwoodský		UNRESOLVED
inishmaanský		UNRESOLVED
iránský		UNRESOLVED Z: Írán
iroskotský		UNRESOLVED
isaurijský		UNRESOLVED
isenheimský		UNRESOLVED
iškariotský		UNRESOLVED
iský		UNRESOLVED
israelitský		UNRESOLVED Z: izraelita
israelský		UNRESOLVED Z: Izrael
ivaňkovský		UNRESOLVED
iževský		UNRESOLVED
jablonský		UNRESOLVED
jagellonský		UNRESOLVED
jagellovský		UNRESOLVED
jagelonský		UNRESOLVED
jamajský		UNRESOLVED Z: Jamajka
jamesbondovský		UNRESOLVED
janáčkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Janáček
janskolázeňský		UNRESOLVED
jánskolázeňský		UNRESOLVED
jánusovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Janus
jasnohorský		UNRESOLVED
jasnopoljanský		UNRESOLVED
jastorfský		UNRESOLVED
javánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Jáva
javoříčský		UNRESOLVED
jehličenský		UNRESOLVED
jekavský		UNRESOLVED
jelenohorský		UNRESOLVED
jeprský		UNRESOLVED
jerebunský		UNRESOLVED
jeřeňský		UNRESOLVED
jerišský		UNRESOLVED
jerusalemský		UNRESOLVED Z: Jeruzalém
jeruzalemský		UNRESOLVED Z: Jeruzalém
jeselský		UNRESOLVED
jesličkářský		UNRESOLVED Z: jesličky
jevišovský		UNRESOLVED
jezerský		UNRESOLVED Z: Jezerka
jezioranský		UNRESOLVED
jílovišťský		UNRESOLVED Z: Jíloviště
jilský		UNRESOLVED
jiránkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Jiránek
jiráskovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Jirásek
jirský		UNRESOLVED
jívanský		UNRESOLVED
jivínský		UNRESOLVED
jizerskohorský		UNRESOLVED
jomkippurský		UNRESOLVED
jómkippúrský		UNRESOLVED
jomkipurský		UNRESOLVED
jonkopinský		UNRESOLVED
jorkširský		UNRESOLVED
joviánský		UNRESOLVED
judejský		UNRESOLVED Z: Judea
julínkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Julínek
jungiánský		UNRESOLVED Z: jungián
jünnanský		UNRESOLVED
jupiterský		UNRESOLVED Z: Jupiter
jurvédský		UNRESOLVED
jutařský		UNRESOLVED
kabardinský		UNRESOLVED
kabronský		UNRESOLVED
kachetský		UNRESOLVED
kachovský		UNRESOLVED
kačležský		UNRESOLVED
kadomský		UNRESOLVED
kaferský		UNRESOLVED
káfirský		UNRESOLVED
kaibabský		UNRESOLVED
kaimúrský		UNRESOLVED
kaisersteinský		UNRESOLVED
kaiserštejnský		UNRESOLVED
kajenský		UNRESOLVED
kajkavský		UNRESOLVED
kakraholtský		UNRESOLVED
kalabarský		UNRESOLVED
kalaharský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kalahari
kalenderberský		UNRESOLVED
kalhotářský		UNRESOLVED Z: kalhoty
kambdesmanský		UNRESOLVED
kambrijský		UNRESOLVED Z: kambium
kamčatský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kamčatka
kampinský		UNRESOLVED
kampučský		UNRESOLVED
kamžský		UNRESOLVED
kananejský		UNRESOLVED
kannadský		UNRESOLVED
kansaský		UNRESOLVED
kantaberský		UNRESOLVED
kapišovský		UNRESOLVED
karaginský		UNRESOLVED
karakumský		UNRESOLVED
káranský		UNRESOLVED
karantánský		UNRESOLVED
kararský		UNRESOLVED Z: Katar
karatamarský		UNRESOLVED
kardifský		UNRESOLVED
karpatoruský		UNRESOLVED
karpentarský		UNRESOLVED
kartaginský		UNRESOLVED
kartézský		UNRESOLVED
kartvelský		UNRESOLVED
kaširský		UNRESOLVED
kasitský		UNRESOLVED
katalaunský		UNRESOLVED
katanžský		UNRESOLVED
kathijávárský		UNRESOLVED
káthijávárský		UNRESOLVED
káthmándský		UNRESOLVED
kattarský		UNRESOLVED
kaunaský		UNRESOLVED
kayenský		UNRESOLVED
kchitsamský		UNRESOLVED
kečuánský		UNRESOLVED
kečujský		UNRESOLVED
kélbadžárský		UNRESOLVED
kenyjský		UNRESOLVED
kerouakovský		UNRESOLVED
kerženský		UNRESOLVED
ketlašský		UNRESOLVED
kežmarský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kežmarok
khabátský		UNRESOLVED
khambátský		UNRESOLVED
kigalský		UNRESOLVED
kilijský		UNRESOLVED
kilimandžárský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kilimandžáro
kinský		UNRESOLVED
kiribatský		UNRESOLVED
kjótský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kjóto
klapský		UNRESOLVED
kleftský		UNRESOLVED
kňažkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kňažko
kněhyňský		UNRESOLVED
kníničský		UNRESOLVED
knósský		UNRESOLVED
koburský		UNRESOLVED
kobyliský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kobylisy
köktürský		UNRESOLVED
kolbušovský		UNRESOLVED
kolenářský		UNRESOLVED Z: koleno
koloradský		UNRESOLVED Z: Colorado
kolovský		UNRESOLVED
kolumbovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kolumbus
komandorský		UNRESOLVED
komárenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Komárno
komárkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Komárek
kominářský		UNRESOLVED
koněpruský		UNRESOLVED Z: Koněprusy
konopišťský		UNRESOLVED Z: Konopiště
konopnářský		UNRESOLVED
kontribučenský		UNRESOLVED
kopernikánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kopernik
kopidlenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kopidlno
kopidlnský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kopidlno
kopinský		UNRESOLVED
kordofánský		UNRESOLVED
korfský		UNRESOLVED Z: Korfu
korinthský		UNRESOLVED
korkařský		UNRESOLVED
kornatský		UNRESOLVED
korsikánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Korsika
košilářský		UNRESOLVED Z: košile
košínský		UNRESOLVED
košířovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Košíře
koštanský		UNRESOLVED
kostkařskský		UNRESOLVED Z: kostka
koucourkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kocourkov
kounbhaunský		UNRESOLVED
kozohorský		UNRESOLVED Z: kozoroh
kradlářský		UNRESOLVED
králičářský		UNRESOLVED Z: králík
krameriovský		UNRESOLVED
krasličářský		UNRESOLVED Z: kraslice
krasnodonský		UNRESOLVED
krasnojarský		UNRESOLVED Z: Krasnojarsk
krasnoselský		UNRESOLVED
kravihorský		UNRESOLVED
kremenčugský		UNRESOLVED
křemílkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Křemílek
křepinský		UNRESOLVED
křičeňský		UNRESOLVED
křivačkářský		UNRESOLVED
krivorožský		UNRESOLVED
kromaňonský		UNRESOLVED
krommyónský		UNRESOLVED
kronbecherský		UNRESOLVED
krondštadtský		UNRESOLVED
kruhljanský		UNRESOLVED
krupinský		UNRESOLVED
kšesinský		UNRESOLVED
kuarský		UNRESOLVED
kuauijský		UNRESOLVED
kubatlinský		UNRESOLVED
kubínský		UNRESOLVED
kujawský		UNRESOLVED
kumránský		UNRESOLVED
kunčinský		UNRESOLVED
kuparský		UNRESOLVED
kurevský		UNRESOLVED
kurganťubinský		UNRESOLVED
kurganťubský		UNRESOLVED
kurulský		UNRESOLVED
kušitský		UNRESOLVED
kuwajtský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kuwajt
kuzbaský		UNRESOLVED
kvantunský		UNRESOLVED
kwazulský		UNRESOLVED
kychyňský		UNRESOLVED Z: kuchyně
kyjevopečerský		UNRESOLVED
kylešovský		UNRESOLVED
kylothianský		UNRESOLVED
kyperský		UNRESOLVED Z: Kypr
kzylordský		UNRESOLVED
lachmovský		UNRESOLVED
ladožský		UNRESOLVED
ladůdkářský		UNRESOLVED
lagoský		UNRESOLVED Z: Lagos
lahainský		UNRESOLVED
laiský		UNRESOLVED
lakařský		UNRESOLVED
lakónský		UNRESOLVED
lamanšský		UNRESOLVED
lamijský		UNRESOLVED
lamsonský		UNRESOLVED
lanvinovský		UNRESOLVED
laplatský		UNRESOLVED
larochellský		UNRESOLVED
laspalmaský		UNRESOLVED
lasvegaský		UNRESOLVED
laurentinský		UNRESOLVED
lausanský		UNRESOLVED
lawrenceovský		UNRESOLVED
lazinovský		UNRESOLVED
lažišťský		UNRESOLVED
leadrovský		UNRESOLVED
lecanský		UNRESOLVED
leedský		UNRESOLVED Z: Leeds
leonbergský		UNRESOLVED
leoninský		UNRESOLVED
leontýnský		UNRESOLVED Z: Leontýna
leopardiánský		UNRESOLVED
lepenovský		UNRESOLVED
lepontský		UNRESOLVED
lesenský		UNRESOLVED
lesothský		UNRESOLVED Z: Lesotho
lessinský		UNRESOLVED
leštinský		UNRESOLVED
letenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Letná
levantinský		UNRESOLVED
lewisburský		UNRESOLVED
lezgijský		UNRESOLVED
lezginský		UNRESOLVED
lhaský		UNRESOLVED Z: Lhasa
liaotungský		UNRESOLVED
liberijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Libérie
libertariánský		UNRESOLVED Z: libertarián
libreuxský		UNRESOLVED
libyjský		UNRESOLVED Z: Libye
limbašský		UNRESOLVED
lincolnský		UNRESOLVED Z: Lincoln
linggadjatský		UNRESOLVED
líňský		UNRESOLVED
liparský		UNRESOLVED
lipiňský		UNRESOLVED
líšanský		UNRESOLVED
líšenský		UNRESOLVED
lisynmanovský		UNRESOLVED
livornský		UNRESOLVED Z: Livorno
lnařský		UNRESOLVED
lobezský		UNRESOLVED
locarnský		UNRESOLVED Z: Locarno
lochneský		UNRESOLVED
lochnesský		UNRESOLVED
lokridský		UNRESOLVED
lopušanský		UNRESOLVED
lorestánský		UNRESOLVED
loretánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Loreta
lorkovský		UNRESOLVED
losalamoský		UNRESOLVED
losangeleský		UNRESOLVED
losangelský		UNRESOLVED
lowoodský		UNRESOLVED
lubelský		UNRESOLVED
lubenský		UNRESOLVED
lubieszewský		UNRESOLVED
lučenský		UNRESOLVED
luganský		UNRESOLVED
lugdunský		UNRESOLVED
luhaňský		UNRESOLVED
lukiánský		UNRESOLVED
lukovenský		UNRESOLVED
lukulský		UNRESOLVED
lumiérovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Lumiér
lumírovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Lumír
lunevillský		UNRESOLVED
luriánský		UNRESOLVED
lušovský		UNRESOLVED
luvijský		UNRESOLVED
luzenský		UNRESOLVED
luženský		UNRESOLVED
luzernský		UNRESOLVED
lužickosrbský		UNRESOLVED
lybijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Lybie
lykosúrský		UNRESOLVED
lymeský		UNRESOLVED
lymský		UNRESOLVED
lysenkovský		UNRESOLVED
lysohorský		UNRESOLVED
lysolabský		UNRESOLVED
machometánský		UNRESOLVED
macourkovský		UNRESOLVED
madínský		UNRESOLVED
madráský		UNRESOLVED
magdalenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Magdalena
magelánský		UNRESOLVED
magisterský		UNRESOLVED Z: magistr
mainframovský		UNRESOLVED
makabejský		UNRESOLVED
makarónský		UNRESOLVED
makpelský		UNRESOLVED
malabarský		UNRESOLVED
malacijský		UNRESOLVED
malajálamský		UNRESOLVED
malakský		UNRESOLVED Z: Malaga
malankarský		UNRESOLVED
malatínský		UNRESOLVED
malawijský		UNRESOLVED
malažský		UNRESOLVED Z: Malaga
malenínský		UNRESOLVED
malijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Mali
maltézský		UNRESOLVED Z: Malta
maltézský		UNRESOLVED Z: Malta
maluchářský		UNRESOLVED
mamutonský		UNRESOLVED
managerský		UNRESOLVED Z: manager
managujský		UNRESOLVED
maňáskářský		UNRESOLVED Z: maňásek
mandejský		UNRESOLVED
mandžurský		UNRESOLVED
mangystauský		UNRESOLVED
manichejský		UNRESOLVED
mankurtský		UNRESOLVED
maňovský		UNRESOLVED
mansfeldský		UNRESOLVED
mansijský		UNRESOLVED
manteňský		UNRESOLVED
maorijský		UNRESOLVED
maorský		UNRESOLVED Z: Maor
maputský		UNRESOLVED Z: Maputo
maracaibský		UNRESOLVED
maradakertský		UNRESOLVED
maranellský		UNRESOLVED
mardakerstský		UNRESOLVED
mardakertský		UNRESOLVED
marfinský		UNRESOLVED
mariinský		UNRESOLVED
marmarošský		UNRESOLVED
marmarský		UNRESOLVED
martabanský		UNRESOLVED
martuninský		UNRESOLVED
maruský		UNRESOLVED
marxleninský		UNRESOLVED
masouzenářský		UNRESOLVED
masovlnařský		UNRESOLVED
matróský		UNRESOLVED
matrózský		UNRESOLVED
mauerbašský		UNRESOLVED
mauijský		UNRESOLVED
mauricijský		UNRESOLVED
mávátkářský		UNRESOLVED Z: mávátko
mcdonaldovský		UNRESOLVED Z: McDonald
mcenský		UNRESOLVED
meadowoodský		UNRESOLVED
medellinský		UNRESOLVED
medínský		UNRESOLVED Z: Medina
medkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Medek
medvídkářský		UNRESOLVED Z: medvídkář
medyňský		UNRESOLVED
meersenský		UNRESOLVED
mefistofelský		UNRESOLVED
mefistofský		UNRESOLVED
mefistotelský		UNRESOLVED
mekkánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Mekka
melkitský		UNRESOLVED
mělkomořský		UNRESOLVED
memphiský		UNRESOLVED Z: Memphis
menippský		UNRESOLVED
meranský		UNRESOLVED
mercenářský		UNRESOLVED
mercijský		UNRESOLVED
merojský		UNRESOLVED
merovejovský		UNRESOLVED
merovejský		UNRESOLVED
mertovský		UNRESOLVED
meschetský		UNRESOLVED
mesénský		UNRESOLVED
mesiánský		UNRESOLVED
mesinský		UNRESOLVED
meyšlenský		UNRESOLVED
mezeňský		UNRESOLVED
miamský		UNRESOLVED
midwichský		UNRESOLVED
mikloškovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Mikloško
mikulášenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Mikuláš
mikulášský		UNRESOLVED Z: Mikuláš
milavečský		UNRESOLVED
milétský		UNRESOLVED
milíčeveský		UNRESOLVED
milóský		UNRESOLVED
miminkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: miminko
minangkabauský		UNRESOLVED
minneapoliský		UNRESOLVED
minneapolský		UNRESOLVED
mínojský		UNRESOLVED
minójský		UNRESOLVED
mínójský		UNRESOLVED
miřejovský		UNRESOLVED
mississippský		UNRESOLVED Z: Mississippi
missourijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Missouri
missourský		UNRESOLVED Z: Missouri
mitannský		UNRESOLVED
mithridatský		UNRESOLVED
mňačkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Mňačko
mocenský		UNRESOLVED Z: moc
modiglianovský		UNRESOLVED
modranský		UNRESOLVED
mogadišský		UNRESOLVED Z: Mogadišo
mogollonský		UNRESOLVED
mohavský		UNRESOLVED Z: Mohave
mohelenský		UNRESOLVED
mojavský		UNRESOLVED
mojunkumský		UNRESOLVED
monkhmerský		UNRESOLVED
montecassinský		UNRESOLVED
montparnasský		UNRESOLVED
montpelerinský		UNRESOLVED
montpellierský		UNRESOLVED
montypythonský		UNRESOLVED
moravanský		UNRESOLVED Z: Moravany
morejský		UNRESOLVED
mosanský		UNRESOLVED
mosijský		UNRESOLVED
moslimský		UNRESOLVED
mostišťský		UNRESOLVED
motulský		UNRESOLVED
motýlkovský		UNRESOLVED
mříčenský		UNRESOLVED
mrlínský		UNRESOLVED
mturantský		UNRESOLVED
mudejarský		UNRESOLVED
mudéjarský		UNRESOLVED
mudlovský		UNRESOLVED
mukačevský		UNRESOLVED
mukatamský		UNRESOLVED
mulvijský		UNRESOLVED
mumanský		UNRESOLVED
münsterlandský		UNRESOLVED
murciánský		UNRESOLVED
musherský		UNRESOLVED
mužskoženský		UNRESOLVED
mýtský		UNRESOLVED
naasejský		UNRESOLVED
nabatejský		UNRESOLVED
nabburský		UNRESOLVED
náboženský		UNRESOLVED Z: Bůh
nábuluský		UNRESOLVED
nachičevaňský		UNRESOLVED
nagádský		UNRESOLVED
nagymaroský		UNRESOLVED
nahuaský		UNRESOLVED
nairobský		UNRESOLVED Z: Nairobi
namyslowský		UNRESOLVED
nanajský		UNRESOLVED
nančaoský		UNRESOLVED
nanteský		UNRESOLVED
nantský		UNRESOLVED
napajedelský		UNRESOLVED Z: Napajedla
nápojařský		UNRESOLVED Z: nápoj
narbonský		UNRESOLVED
nargothrondský		UNRESOLVED
narodovolský		UNRESOLVED
narovčatský		UNRESOLVED
našanivský		UNRESOLVED
ňaský		UNRESOLVED
nassavský		UNRESOLVED
navadský		UNRESOLVED
navajský		UNRESOLVED
návhrhářský		UNRESOLVED
nažidelský		UNRESOLVED
nazkaský		UNRESOLVED
neandertálský		UNRESOLVED Z: neandrtálec
neandrtálský		UNRESOLVED Z: neandrtálec
nebezpečenský		UNRESOLVED
nebraský		UNRESOLVED Z: Nebraska
negerský		UNRESOLVED Z: negr
nelahozeveský		UNRESOLVED Z: Nelahozeves
nelahozevský		UNRESOLVED Z: Nelahozeves
němčičský		UNRESOLVED Z: Němčice
německobrodský		UNRESOLVED
německočeský		UNRESOLVED
německopolský		UNRESOLVED
německoruský		UNRESOLVED
nemejský		UNRESOLVED
nemšovský		UNRESOLVED
nemyšelský		UNRESOLVED
něrčinský		UNRESOLVED
netwarovský		UNRESOLVED
neusiedelský		UNRESOLVED
névárský		UNRESOLVED
névaský		UNRESOLVED
nevcehelský		UNRESOLVED
neyberovský		UNRESOLVED
ngunijský		UNRESOLVED
nicejský		UNRESOLVED
nieszawský		UNRESOLVED
nietzschovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Nietsche
niewský		UNRESOLVED
nigerijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Nigérie
nigerokonžský		UNRESOLVED
níjarský		UNRESOLVED
nikajský		UNRESOLVED
níkájský		UNRESOLVED
nikaragujský		UNRESOLVED Z: Nikaragua
nikosijský		UNRESOLVED
nilosaharský		UNRESOLVED
nilotský		UNRESOLVED
nižegorodský		UNRESOLVED
nižněkamský		UNRESOLVED
nogajský		UNRESOLVED
noldorský		UNRESOLVED
norilský		UNRESOLVED
normanský		UNRESOLVED
northangerský		UNRESOLVED
norwičský		UNRESOLVED
notredamský		UNRESOLVED
nubijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Núbie
nullarborský		UNRESOLVED
númenorský		UNRESOLVED
nuselský		UNRESOLVED
oachitský		UNRESOLVED
obořišťský		UNRESOLVED
obřístevský		UNRESOLVED
obuškářský		UNRESOLVED Z: obušek
ochrydský		UNRESOLVED Z: Ohrid
ochtinský		UNRESOLVED
ódéesovský		UNRESOLVED Z: ódées
oděský		UNRESOLVED Z: Oděsa
odpadkářský		UNRESOLVED Z: odpad
oerenthalský		UNRESOLVED
ogamský		UNRESOLVED
oghuzský		UNRESOLVED
oglalský		UNRESOLVED
ohijský		UNRESOLVED
oidipovský		UNRESOLVED
ojratský		UNRESOLVED
okcitánský		UNRESOLVED
okříšský		UNRESOLVED
okrouhelský		UNRESOLVED
oleňský		UNRESOLVED
olešenský		UNRESOLVED
olivetský		UNRESOLVED
oliwský		UNRESOLVED
olsztynský		UNRESOLVED
omonovský		UNRESOLVED
oněžský		UNRESOLVED
ontarijský		UNRESOLVED
opárenský		UNRESOLVED
opaskovský		UNRESOLVED
opočinský		UNRESOLVED
oprávářský		UNRESOLVED Z: opravář
opravdovský		UNRESOLVED Z: pravda
opštinský		UNRESOLVED
opúntský		UNRESOLVED
oraclovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Oracle
orákulský		UNRESOLVED
orchidský		UNRESOLVED
ordiánský		UNRESOLVED
ordynský		UNRESOLVED
orfeovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Orfeus
oříškářský		UNRESOLVED Z: oříšek
orlandský		UNRESOLVED Z: Orlando
orleánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Orleáns
orpingtonský		UNRESOLVED
ortantský		UNRESOLVED
orwellowský		UNRESOLVED Z: Orwell
osetínský		UNRESOLVED
osiriánský		UNRESOLVED
osivářský		UNRESOLVED
oslovský		UNRESOLVED Z: osel
osmánský		UNRESOLVED
ostankinský		UNRESOLVED
ostramský		UNRESOLVED
osvětímský		UNRESOLVED Z: Osvětim
otěčestvěnský		UNRESOLVED
othellovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Othello
otrantský		UNRESOLVED
ottomanský		UNRESOLVED
ouhrovský		UNRESOLVED
ovidiovský		UNRESOLVED
owyheský		UNRESOLVED
ozolský		UNRESOLVED
paantský		UNRESOLVED
paduánský		UNRESOLVED
pahárský		UNRESOLVED
pahlavijský		UNRESOLVED
palajský		UNRESOLVED
palcmanský		UNRESOLVED
palermský		UNRESOLVED
palestrinovský		UNRESOLVED
pálijský		UNRESOLVED
palivářský		UNRESOLVED
palladianský		UNRESOLVED
palladiánský		UNRESOLVED
palladiovský		UNRESOLVED
palmarský		UNRESOLVED
palomarský		UNRESOLVED
papenheimský		UNRESOLVED
papouškářský		UNRESOLVED Z: papoušek
paracelský		UNRESOLVED
paraguajský		UNRESOLVED Z: Paraguay
paralympijský		UNRESOLVED Z: paraolympiáda
paraolympijský		UNRESOLVED Z: paraolympiáda
paravojenský		UNRESOLVED
pardubičský		UNRESOLVED
pardubský		UNRESOLVED Z: Pardubice
paretovský		UNRESOLVED Z: pareto
parfumářský		UNRESOLVED
párkanský		UNRESOLVED
parthenopský		UNRESOLVED
parvenuovský		UNRESOLVED
paskalský		UNRESOLVED Z: Pascal
patarenský		UNRESOLVED
pathworkovský		UNRESOLVED
patraský		UNRESOLVED Z: Patras
pattajský		UNRESOLVED
paulánský		UNRESOLVED
pavijský		UNRESOLVED
pavlíčkovský		UNRESOLVED
pavlodarský		UNRESOLVED
pchingský		UNRESOLVED
pécéčkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: pécéčko
peckhamský		UNRESOLVED
pédasský		UNRESOLVED
pehlevský		UNRESOLVED
pekelský		UNRESOLVED Z: Peklo
pekinský		UNRESOLVED Z: Peking
pelagijský		UNRESOLVED
pelištejský		UNRESOLVED
peloponéský		UNRESOLVED Z: Peloponés
penguinský		UNRESOLVED
pentelský		UNRESOLVED
pentiovský		UNRESOLVED
perekopský		UNRESOLVED
perninský		UNRESOLVED
perskoarabský		UNRESOLVED
peručský		UNRESOLVED Z: Perugia
perugijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Perugia
pervomajský		UNRESOLVED
pešávarský		UNRESOLVED Z: Pešavár
pešavárský		UNRESOLVED Z: Pešavár
petrpanovský		UNRESOLVED
pezinský		UNRESOLVED
pflugovský		UNRESOLVED
philadelphský		UNRESOLVED Z: Philadelphia
philippsburský		UNRESOLVED
phortišský		UNRESOLVED
piastowský		UNRESOLVED
picassovský		UNRESOLVED
piemburský		UNRESOLVED
pilbarský		UNRESOLVED
pilnikářský		UNRESOLVED
pincgavský		UNRESOLVED
pindarský		UNRESOLVED
pinkfloydovský		UNRESOLVED
pinkponkářský		UNRESOLVED
piotrkowský		UNRESOLVED
pisánský		UNRESOLVED
písmářský		UNRESOLVED Z: písmo
pissarovský		UNRESOLVED
pištcovský		UNRESOLVED
plautovský		UNRESOLVED
plesenský		UNRESOLVED
plešivský		UNRESOLVED Z: Plešivec
prádelenský		UNRESOLVED Z: prádelna
přátelský		UNRESOLVED Z: přítel
překážkařský		UNRESOLVED Z: překážka
přesoceánský		UNRESOLVED
pribinovský		UNRESOLVED
příbuzenský		UNRESOLVED Z: příbuzný
přikarpatský		UNRESOLVED
přikryvačský		UNRESOLVED
přikrývačský		UNRESOLVED
příměstský		UNRESOLVED
přioceánský		UNRESOLVED
přípražský		UNRESOLVED
přístipkářský		UNRESOLVED
prkénkářský		UNRESOLVED
prštenský		UNRESOLVED
pruskorakouský		UNRESOLVED
pruskoruský		UNRESOLVED
pšánský		UNRESOLVED
ptolemaiovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Ptolemaios
publicianský		UNRESOLVED
publiciánský		UNRESOLVED
puebelský		UNRESOLVED Z: pueblo
pukarský		UNRESOLVED
punskořímský		UNRESOLVED
puščinský		UNRESOLVED
pyrrhonský		UNRESOLVED
pythagorejský		UNRESOLVED Z: Pythagoras
pýthagorejský		UNRESOLVED Z: Pythagoras
pýthagorovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Pythagoras
qemmovský		UNRESOLVED
quessantský		UNRESOLVED
quezonský		UNRESOLVED
radečský		UNRESOLVED Z: Radeč
rádelský		UNRESOLVED Z: Rádlo
radimský		UNRESOLVED
radouňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Radouň
radvaňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Radvaň
radyňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Radyně
radžástánský		UNRESOLVED
raeliánský		UNRESOLVED
rajblský		UNRESOLVED
rájčúrský		UNRESOLVED
rakopuský		UNRESOLVED
rakouskočeský		UNRESOLVED
ramazanský		UNRESOLVED
rambovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Rambo
ramessovský		UNRESOLVED
ramsarský		UNRESOLVED
ramzovský		UNRESOLVED
raněkřesťanský		UNRESOLVED
rapallský		UNRESOLVED
rastafariánský		UNRESOLVED
ratenštejnský		UNRESOLVED
ravnogorský		UNRESOLVED
rdenský		UNRESOLVED
řeckobyzantský		UNRESOLVED
řeckokyperský		UNRESOLVED
řeckolatinský		UNRESOLVED
řeckoperský		UNRESOLVED
řeckořímský		UNRESOLVED
řeckoslovanský		UNRESOLVED
redernovský		UNRESOLVED
redwoodský		UNRESOLVED
regillský		UNRESOLVED
rejštenský		UNRESOLVED
renkumský		UNRESOLVED
rešenský		UNRESOLVED
resturátorský		UNRESOLVED
řetovský		UNRESOLVED
revizionářský		UNRESOLVED
reykjaneský		UNRESOLVED
reynkovský		UNRESOLVED
řezenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Řezno
rhétský		UNRESOLVED
rhodeský		UNRESOLVED Z: Rhodos
rhodéský		UNRESOLVED Z: Rhodos
rífský		UNRESOLVED
rimasiačský		UNRESOLVED
riodejaneirský		UNRESOLVED
ripuárský		UNRESOLVED
rjepinovský		UNRESOLVED
robičský		UNRESOLVED
romskočeský		UNRESOLVED
roncesvalleský		UNRESOLVED
ropšínský		UNRESOLVED
roudenský		UNRESOLVED
rousseauvský		UNRESOLVED
rozikruciánský		UNRESOLVED
rožmberský		UNRESOLVED Z: Ružomberok
rtyňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Rtyně
rucanorský		UNRESOLVED
rudenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Rudná
rukavičářský		UNRESOLVED Z: rukavička
rúrský		UNRESOLVED Z: Rúr
ružomberský		UNRESOLVED Z: Ružomberok
ruzyňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Ruzyně
rybitevský		UNRESOLVED Z: Rybitví
rychlebský		UNRESOLVED Z: Rychleby
ryhopský		UNRESOLVED
rymáňský		UNRESOLVED Z: Rymáň
rzounkovský		UNRESOLVED
sabejský		UNRESOLVED
sabellský		UNRESOLVED
sádovský		UNRESOLVED
safíjovský		UNRESOLVED
saintmaloský		UNRESOLVED
salahadinský		UNRESOLVED
salentinský		UNRESOLVED
salernský		UNRESOLVED
šalianský		UNRESOLVED
salierovský		UNRESOLVED
sámarrský		UNRESOLVED
šamorinský		UNRESOLVED
šampaňský		UNRESOLVED
šamudovský		UNRESOLVED
šanský		UNRESOLVED
saopaulský		UNRESOLVED
sapporský		UNRESOLVED
saprlotský		UNRESOLVED
sarajevský		UNRESOLVED
šarinilský		UNRESOLVED
saronský		UNRESOLVED
sarónský		UNRESOLVED
sarykamyšský		UNRESOLVED
šaryšský		UNRESOLVED
sasánovský		UNRESOLVED
sásánovský		UNRESOLVED
saskoanhaltský		UNRESOLVED
saskočeský		UNRESOLVED
saský		UNRESOLVED
šátkářský		UNRESOLVED Z: šátek
saudskoarabský		UNRESOLVED
saúdskoarabský		UNRESOLVED
savarijský		UNRESOLVED
sávský		UNRESOLVED
schönborský		UNRESOLVED
schöneberský		UNRESOLVED Z: Schöneberg
sebatský		UNRESOLVED
sedelský		UNRESOLVED
sedlišťský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sedliště
sedlský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sedlec
šejkspírovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Shakespeare
seldwylský		UNRESOLVED
šelešovský		UNRESOLVED
seleukovský		UNRESOLVED
semberský		UNRESOLVED
šenčenský		UNRESOLVED
šentvidský		UNRESOLVED
sequelovský		UNRESOLVED
serebrjanský		UNRESOLVED
šeremetěvský		UNRESOLVED
sergievský		UNRESOLVED
sesterský		UNRESOLVED Z: sestra
šetřílkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: šetřílek
setsakramenský		UNRESOLVED
sevilský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sevilla
sevreský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sévres
sévreský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sévres
seychellský		UNRESOLVED
sharpevillský		UNRESOLVED
shengenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Schengen
shorthornský		UNRESOLVED
siagonský		UNRESOLVED
šiatorský		UNRESOLVED
sibeliovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sibelius
sichemský		UNRESOLVED
sicilský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sicílie
siciónský		UNRESOLVED
sidovský		UNRESOLVED
sieradzský		UNRESOLVED
sierraleonský		UNRESOLVED
siewierský		UNRESOLVED
simbirský		UNRESOLVED
simentálský		UNRESOLVED
simpliciánský		UNRESOLVED
simplonský		UNRESOLVED
šimůnkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Šimůnek
sinchajský		UNRESOLVED
singhalský		UNRESOLVED
sinhálský		UNRESOLVED
sinojaponský		UNRESOLVED
sinothajský		UNRESOLVED
sinovietnamský		UNRESOLVED
sinťiangský		UNRESOLVED
šípkovský		UNRESOLVED
sirotčenský		UNRESOLVED Z: sirotek
sisyfovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sisyfos
sítenský		UNRESOLVED
sixtinský		UNRESOLVED
skaderský		UNRESOLVED
skalenský		UNRESOLVED
skandarský		UNRESOLVED
školdozorský		UNRESOLVED
skopinský		UNRESOLVED
skopský		UNRESOLVED
skulerský		UNRESOLVED
skulérský		UNRESOLVED
skupenský		UNRESOLVED
ský		UNRESOLVED
slanodolinský		UNRESOLVED
slanský		UNRESOLVED
slosovatelský		UNRESOLVED Z: slosovat
sloupenský		UNRESOLVED
slovakofilský		UNRESOLVED Z: slovakofil
slovenskočeský		UNRESOLVED
slúžnovský		UNRESOLVED
šmalkaldský		UNRESOLVED
smečenský		UNRESOLVED
smederevský		UNRESOLVED
směšnohrdinský		UNRESOLVED
smithsonianský		UNRESOLVED
šnůrařovský		UNRESOLVED
sofijský		UNRESOLVED
sogdijský		UNRESOLVED
soissonský		UNRESOLVED
sokotský		UNRESOLVED
sókratovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sókratés
solcevský		UNRESOLVED
soldenský		UNRESOLVED
solimanský		UNRESOLVED
solncevský		UNRESOLVED
somotorský		UNRESOLVED
songhajský		UNRESOLVED
sooský		UNRESOLVED
soročinský		UNRESOLVED
sorrentský		UNRESOLVED
soseňský		UNRESOLVED
šošůvský		UNRESOLVED
sothský		UNRESOLVED
šotorovský		UNRESOLVED
součkovský		UNRESOLVED
soudnělékařský		UNRESOLVED
soukenářský		UNRESOLVED Z: soukenář
spartánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sparta
špejblovský		UNRESOLVED
špicberský		UNRESOLVED Z: Špicberky
spíkrovský		UNRESOLVED
špitalský		UNRESOLVED
šplhačský		UNRESOLVED
splužský		UNRESOLVED
spodnodevonský		UNRESOLVED
spodnopermský		UNRESOLVED
společenský		UNRESOLVED
spoletský		UNRESOLVED
sponsorský		UNRESOLVED
spoonriverský		UNRESOLVED
sportkařský		UNRESOLVED
spreedorfský		UNRESOLVED
spytihněvský		UNRESOLVED Z: Spytihněv
šrámkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Šrámek
srbocharvátský		UNRESOLVED
srbochorvátský		UNRESOLVED
srílanský		UNRESOLVED
šrílanský		UNRESOLVED
staffordšírský		UNRESOLVED
stafordširský		UNRESOLVED
stafordšírský		UNRESOLVED
stambolijský		UNRESOLVED
stanfordský		UNRESOLVED
starčevský		UNRESOLVED
startrekovský		UNRESOLVED
staškovský		UNRESOLVED
státněmocenský		UNRESOLVED
stéblovský		UNRESOLVED
steeringský		UNRESOLVED
stehelčevský		UNRESOLVED
štíkovský		UNRESOLVED
stillwaterský		UNRESOLVED
stilmondský		UNRESOLVED
stínadelský		UNRESOLVED Z: Stínadla
štokavský		UNRESOLVED
štolpišský		UNRESOLVED
stratenský		UNRESOLVED
strečnianský		UNRESOLVED
stříbrnský		UNRESOLVED
stříbrohorský		UNRESOLVED
stříbský		UNRESOLVED Z: Stříbro
strombolský		UNRESOLVED
stroupinský		UNRESOLVED
strudelský		UNRESOLVED
stubaiský		UNRESOLVED
studenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Studená
studénský		UNRESOLVED Z: Studénka
stuhmdorfský		UNRESOLVED
stupenský		UNRESOLVED
štyllerovský		UNRESOLVED
súfijský		UNRESOLVED
sugarlandský		UNRESOLVED
sulaweský		UNRESOLVED
sulinský		UNRESOLVED
suluský		UNRESOLVED
sumaterský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sumatra
sumatránský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sumatra
sumerský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sumer
sunamitský		UNRESOLVED
suramský		UNRESOLVED
suránský		UNRESOLVED
suryšský		UNRESOLVED
šušenský		UNRESOLVED
šuškinský		UNRESOLVED
súský		UNRESOLVED
švábenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Šváb
svahilský		UNRESOLVED
svanetský		UNRESOLVED
švarcenberský		UNRESOLVED
svatthardský		UNRESOLVED
světínský		UNRESOLVED
svinenský		UNRESOLVED
svojský		UNRESOLVED
svreský		UNRESOLVED
sýkořský		UNRESOLVED
syrakuský		UNRESOLVED Z: Syrakusy
syrákúský		UNRESOLVED Z: Syrakusy
sýrákúský		UNRESOLVED Z: Syrakusy
syrokovský		UNRESOLVED
syrskoarabský		UNRESOLVED
syrský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sýrie
sysifovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Sysifos
sytenský		UNRESOLVED
sytovský		UNRESOLVED
szentendreský		UNRESOLVED
tabasaránský		UNRESOLVED
tacitovský		UNRESOLVED
taganrožský		UNRESOLVED
taglibaranský		UNRESOLVED
tahitský		UNRESOLVED Z: Tahiti
taifský		UNRESOLVED
taipingský		UNRESOLVED
taivanský		UNRESOLVED
taiwanský		UNRESOLVED
talaudský		UNRESOLVED
talibánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Taliban
talyšský		UNRESOLVED
tamaňský		UNRESOLVED
tanimbarský		UNRESOLVED
tarroucovský		UNRESOLVED
tasilský		UNRESOLVED
taurátorský		UNRESOLVED
tauzský		UNRESOLVED
taysonský		UNRESOLVED
tbiliský		UNRESOLVED Z: Tbilisi
tchaiwanský		UNRESOLVED
tchajpchingský		UNRESOLVED
tchajpejský		UNRESOLVED
tchajvanský		UNRESOLVED
tchienanmenský		UNRESOLVED
tchienšanský		UNRESOLVED
těhotenský		UNRESOLVED
těkářský		UNRESOLVED
telavivský		UNRESOLVED
teliženský		UNRESOLVED
telugský		UNRESOLVED Z: Telugu
tembský		UNRESOLVED
temešský		UNRESOLVED
tengbočský		UNRESOLVED
tereziánský		UNRESOLVED
terterský		UNRESOLVED
tesárský		UNRESOLVED
tětínský		UNRESOLVED
teutoburský		UNRESOLVED
thelémský		UNRESOLVED
thélémský		UNRESOLVED
thessalský		UNRESOLVED
tiberiadský		UNRESOLVED
tibetočínský		UNRESOLVED
tiburtinský		UNRESOLVED
tigrejský		UNRESOLVED
tigridovský		UNRESOLVED
tihanyský		UNRESOLVED
timarský		UNRESOLVED
tiperský		UNRESOLVED
tiský		UNRESOLVED
tiszapolgárský		UNRESOLVED
tkadlcovský		UNRESOLVED Z: tkadlec
tkalcovský		UNRESOLVED Z: tkadlec
tkvarčelský		UNRESOLVED
tleilaxanský		UNRESOLVED
tleilaxský		UNRESOLVED
tobagský		UNRESOLVED
tochovitský		UNRESOLVED
togský		UNRESOLVED Z: Togo
tokijský		UNRESOLVED Z: Tokio
toktogulský		UNRESOLVED
toledský		UNRESOLVED Z: Toledo
tolosanský		UNRESOLVED
tolosánský		UNRESOLVED
tolský		UNRESOLVED
tólský		UNRESOLVED
tomašovský		UNRESOLVED
tomaszowský		UNRESOLVED
tomidský		UNRESOLVED
tonžský		UNRESOLVED
torinský		UNRESOLVED
torontský		UNRESOLVED
torremolinoský		UNRESOLVED
toulouský		UNRESOLVED
tourský		UNRESOLVED
traismauerský		UNRESOLVED
trajánský		UNRESOLVED Z: Traján
trakénský		UNRESOLVED
trakslířský		UNRESOLVED
traktůrkářský		UNRESOLVED
trasimenský		UNRESOLVED
trastamarský		UNRESOLVED
třebetínský		UNRESOLVED
treblinský		UNRESOLVED Z: Treblinka
trenčianský		UNRESOLVED Z: Trenčiany
třesínský		UNRESOLVED
tröstrovský		UNRESOLVED
trypilský		UNRESOLVED
tuarégský		UNRESOLVED Z: Tuareg
tuarežský		UNRESOLVED Z: Tuareg
tuaréžský		UNRESOLVED Z: Tuareg
tucholský		UNRESOLVED
tukožroutský		UNRESOLVED Z: tukožrout
tunchuangský		UNRESOLVED
tuonelský		UNRESOLVED
tupadelský		UNRESOLVED
tupeský		UNRESOLVED
turánský		UNRESOLVED
turčianský		UNRESOLVED
turfanský		UNRESOLVED
turgajský		UNRESOLVED
turkotatarský		UNRESOLVED
turnhallský		UNRESOLVED
turnianský		UNRESOLVED
tuskulský		UNRESOLVED
tutsijský		UNRESOLVED
tutský		UNRESOLVED
tuzelský		UNRESOLVED
tužkařský		UNRESOLVED
tuzlanský		UNRESOLVED
tvinský		UNRESOLVED
twinpeaksovský		UNRESOLVED
tylžský		UNRESOLVED
týnišťský		UNRESOLVED Z: Týniště
tyrhénský		UNRESOLVED
tysapolgárský		UNRESOLVED
účastenský		UNRESOLVED Z: účast
učňovský		UNRESOLVED Z: učeň
udávačský		UNRESOLVED Z: udavač
udhrijský		UNRESOLVED
udržbářský		UNRESOLVED Z: údržbář
ufimský		UNRESOLVED
ugočský		UNRESOLVED
ugritský		UNRESOLVED
uhříněveský		UNRESOLVED Z: Uhříněves
uhříněvský		UNRESOLVED Z: Uhříněves
ukrutanánský		UNRESOLVED
ukrutánský		UNRESOLVED Z: ukrutný
ukvaldský		UNRESOLVED
ulawský		UNRESOLVED
ullojský		UNRESOLVED
umajjovský		UNRESOLVED
umberský		UNRESOLVED
umbrijský		UNRESOLVED
uněšovský		UNRESOLVED
úpravárenský		UNRESOLVED Z: upravit
úpravenský		UNRESOLVED
urartejský		UNRESOLVED
urbárenský		UNRESOLVED
urbárský		UNRESOLVED
urbinský		UNRESOLVED
určanský		UNRESOLVED
urginský		UNRESOLVED
urmijský		UNRESOLVED
uršulinský		UNRESOLVED
uruguajský		UNRESOLVED
urválkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Urválek
uspenský		UNRESOLVED
ussurijský		UNRESOLVED
usurijský		UNRESOLVED
usurpátorský		UNRESOLVED
uterský		UNRESOLVED
úterský		UNRESOLVED
úvalenský		UNRESOLVED Z: Úvaly
uzanbarský		UNRESOLVED
užitkářský		UNRESOLVED
uzský		UNRESOLVED
vachkovský		UNRESOLVED
vakuářský		UNRESOLVED Z: vakuum
vákuářský		UNRESOLVED Z: vakuum
válcovenský		UNRESOLVED Z: válcovna
vaňkovský		UNRESOLVED
vápenský		UNRESOLVED Z: vápno
vardeniský		UNRESOLVED
vareský		UNRESOLVED
varjažský		UNRESOLVED
varmiňský		UNRESOLVED
vasalský		UNRESOLVED
vaškovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Vašek
vašnostenský		UNRESOLVED Z: vašnosta
vašvárský		UNRESOLVED
včelenský		UNRESOLVED
věcatenský		UNRESOLVED
večerníčkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: večerníček
veděnský		UNRESOLVED
veganský		UNRESOLVED
vendejský		UNRESOLVED
vendelský		UNRESOLVED
vendraminský		UNRESOLVED
vendryňský		UNRESOLVED
veneciánský		UNRESOLVED
venský		UNRESOLVED
verchojanský		UNRESOLVED
verhojanský		UNRESOLVED
verijský		UNRESOLVED
veroneský		UNRESOLVED
versailleský		UNRESOLVED Z: Versailles
versaillský		UNRESOLVED Z: Versailles
vertajmský		UNRESOLVED
verthajmský		UNRESOLVED
vertheimský		UNRESOLVED
veselíčský		UNRESOLVED
vestálský		UNRESOLVED
větněčlenský		UNRESOLVED
větřínský		UNRESOLVED
vězňovský		UNRESOLVED Z: vězeň
videčský		UNRESOLVED Z: Videč
vidzemský		UNRESOLVED
vidžínský		UNRESOLVED
vigavanský		UNRESOLVED
vikárský		UNRESOLVED
vikinský		UNRESOLVED Z: Viking
vilenský		UNRESOLVED
vilniuský		UNRESOLVED Z: Vilnius
vincenneský		UNRESOLVED
vindhijský		UNRESOLVED
vinditský		UNRESOLVED
viržinský		UNRESOLVED
visegradský		UNRESOLVED
viselský		UNRESOLVED Z: Visla
visionářský		UNRESOLVED Z: vizionář
višňovský		UNRESOLVED Z: višně
vitebský		UNRESOLVED
vizogótský		UNRESOLVED Z: Vizigót
vizovský		UNRESOLVED
vjatský		UNRESOLVED
vladiměřský		UNRESOLVED
vlastenský		UNRESOLVED
vněkarpatský		UNRESOLVED
vogonský		UNRESOLVED
voltairovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Voltaire
voltajský		UNRESOLVED
volyňskočeský		UNRESOLVED
volžský		UNRESOLVED Z: Volha
vorlíčkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Vorlíček
vorlonský		UNRESOLVED
voruský		UNRESOLVED
votkinský		UNRESOLVED
votský		UNRESOLVED
voyerský		UNRESOLVED
vozkařský		UNRESOLVED Z: vozka
vrátenský		UNRESOLVED
vratislavský		UNRESOLVED Z: Vratislav
vrchnopanský		UNRESOLVED
vrchnoradovský		UNRESOLVED
vrchnostenský		UNRESOLVED Z: vrchnost
vrchnozemský		UNRESOLVED
vsatský		UNRESOLVED
vtelenský		UNRESOLVED
vtipkálský		UNRESOLVED
vulkanisérský		UNRESOLVED
výbušnářský		UNRESOLVED
východevropský		UNRESOLVED
výrostkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: výrůstek
výšenský		UNRESOLVED
vyslanský		UNRESOLVED
vysokanánský		UNRESOLVED
výtopenský		UNRESOLVED Z: výtopna
waddenský		UNRESOLVED
waleský		UNRESOLVED
walliský		UNRESOLVED
washingtonský		UNRESOLVED
westinghouský		UNRESOLVED
westwoodský		UNRESOLVED
whistonský		UNRESOLVED
wiatowský		UNRESOLVED
willmorský		UNRESOLVED
wimbornský		UNRESOLVED
windowský		UNRESOLVED
winnipežský		UNRESOLVED
wirtemberský		UNRESOLVED
wishardský		UNRESOLVED
worchestrovský		UNRESOLVED
wormský		UNRESOLVED Z: Worm
wschowský		UNRESOLVED
wurzachský		UNRESOLVED
xhoský		UNRESOLVED
yorkský		UNRESOLVED Z: York
yorskhirský		UNRESOLVED Z: Yorkshire
yorský		UNRESOLVED Z: York
yperský		UNRESOLVED Z: Ypres
žabokrtský		UNRESOLVED
žabovřeský		UNRESOLVED
zádvorský		UNRESOLVED
žakarský		UNRESOLVED
základoškolský		UNRESOLVED
záleský		UNRESOLVED
zálezelský		UNRESOLVED
záloženský		UNRESOLVED
záměstský		UNRESOLVED
zámrský		UNRESOLVED
zbečenský		UNRESOLVED
žďákovský		UNRESOLVED
zelařský		UNRESOLVED
želénský		UNRESOLVED
zemianský		UNRESOLVED
zemunský		UNRESOLVED
žeranovský		UNRESOLVED
žichlínský		UNRESOLVED
židobijský		UNRESOLVED
žihelský		UNRESOLVED
žítkovský		UNRESOLVED
žitnobranský		UNRESOLVED
žitnoostrovský		UNRESOLVED
živnostenský		UNRESOLVED
zlatokorunský		UNRESOLVED
zlatomoravský		UNRESOLVED
zlatopolský		UNRESOLVED
žlutavský		UNRESOLVED
zmijinský		UNRESOLVED
zmožkovský		UNRESOLVED
znaurský		UNRESOLVED
zoroastriánský		UNRESOLVED
zugdidský		UNRESOLVED
zuiderský		UNRESOLVED
zulský		UNRESOLVED Z: Zulu
zužský		UNRESOLVED
zvířátkovský		UNRESOLVED Z: zvířátko
zvonokosovský		UNRESOLVED Z: Zvonokosy
asfaltářský	asfalt	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
balónářský	balón	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
banánářský	banán	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
cedníkářský	cedník	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
chopperářský	chopper	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
delfínářský	delfín	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
designářský	design	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
detektivářský	detektiv	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
diamantářský	diamant	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
efektářský	efekt	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
gobelínářský	gobelín	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
hamburgrářský	hamburgr	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
handbikářský	handbik	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
hromosvodářský	hromosvod	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
jabloňářský	jabloň	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
ječmenářský	ječmen	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
jedlíkářský	jedlík	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
kaprářský	kapr	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
kartelářský	kartel	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
kartonářský	karton	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
kaučukářský	kaučuk	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
kloboukářský	klobouk	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
knedlíkářský	knedlík	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
komplotářský	komplot	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
kompostářský	kompost	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
koňakářský	koňak	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
koželuhářský	koželuh	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
králikářský	Králik	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
linuxářský	Linux	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
lipníkářský	Lipník	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
narcisářský	narcis	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
odpadářský	odpad	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
odposlechářský	odposlech	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
ohňostrojářský	ohňostroj	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
orchidejářský	orchidej	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
parníkářský	parník	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
plevelářský	plevel	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
příborářský	příbor	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
rekordářský	rekord	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
rohožářský	rohož	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
salátářský	salát	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
textilářský	textil	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
traktorářský	traktor	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
tuleňářský	tuleň	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
větrníkářský	větrník	CHANGE: 0 --> ářský
dawkinsonovský	Dawkins	CHANGE: 0 --> onovský
abbásovský	Abbás	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ábelovský	Ábel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
abrahamovský	Abraham	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
adenauerovský	Adenauer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
afontovský	Afont	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ajatolláhovský	ajatolláh	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ajjúbovský	Ajjúb	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ajvazovský	Ajvaz	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
albatrosovský	albatros	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
alefovský	alef	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
alijevovský	Alijev	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
allenovský	allen	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
almohádovský	Almohád	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
althusserovský	Althusser	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
altmanovský	Altman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
alzheimerovský	alzheimer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
andersenovský	Andersen	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
anjouovský	Anjou	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
aprílovský	apríl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
arbesovský	Arbes	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
arcimboldovský	Arcimbold	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
armstrongovský	Armstrong	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
arpádovský	Arpád	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
artaudovský	Artaud	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
artušovský	Artuš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
assemblerovský	assembler	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
atreidovský	Atreid	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
augustinovský	Augustin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
azurovský	azur	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
babelovský	Babel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
babicovský	Babic	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
babišovský	Babiš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bachovský	bach	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Bach
bajtovský	Bajt	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
balbínovský	Balbín	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
barthesovský	Barthes	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bartončíkovský	Bartončík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bártovský	Bárt	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Bárta
basicovský	Basic	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
beatlesovský	Beatles	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
beckettovský	Beckett	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bednářovský	bednář	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
beethovenovský	Beethoven	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bendovský	Bend	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
benettonovský	benetton	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bergmanovský	Bergman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bergsonovský	Bergson	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bernhardovský	Bernhard	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
běsovský	běs	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bicanovský	Bican	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bilakovský	Bilak	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
biľakovský	Biľak	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
birnbaumovský	Birnbaum	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bismarckovský	Bismarck	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
blairovský	Blair	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
blatníkovský	blatník	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bobovský	bob	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bobrovský	bobr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
boccacciovský	Boccacci	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bolívarovský	bolívar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bondovský	bond	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Bond
bondyovský	Bondy	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
booleovský	Boole	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
boratovský	Borat	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
borgesovský	Borges	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
boříkovský	Bořík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
borlandovský	Borland	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bornovský	Born	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
boschovský	Bosch	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
boudníkovský	boudník	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
boulezovský	Boulez	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bourneovský	Bourne	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bovaryovský	Bovary	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
brahmsovský	Brahms	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
brandlovský	Brandl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
braqueovský	Braque	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
braunovský	braun	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Braun
brechtovský	Brecht	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bressonovský	Bresson	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bretonovský	Breton	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
brežněvovský	Brežněv	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bridelovský	Bridel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
brookovský	Brook	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
brucknerovský	Bruckner	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
brücknerovský	Brückner	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bruegelovský	Bruegel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
buchananovský	Buchanan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
buchovský	Buch	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
buninovský	Bunin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
burianovský	Burian	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bursíkovský	Bursík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
burtonovský	Burton	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
bushovský	Bush	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
byronovský	Byron	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
cadovský	Cad	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
calderónovský	Calderón	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
camusovský	Camus	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
casimirovský	Casimir	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
cechmistrovský	cechmistr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
čechovovský	Čechov	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
cechovský	cech	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
čekanovský	čekan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
čepovský	čep	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
čertovský	čert	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
cervantesovský	Cervantes	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
césarovský	césar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
cestmistrovský	cestmistr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
chagallovský	Chagall	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
chandlerovský	Chandler	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
chaplinovský	Chaplin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
chaucerovský	Chaucer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
chirikovský	Chirik	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
chopinovský	Chopin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
chruščevovský	Chruščev	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
chruščovovský	Chruščov	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
churchillovský	Churchill	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
čichovský	čich	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
cimrmanovský	Cimrman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
cliftonovský	Clifton	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
clintonovský	Clinton	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
cockneyovský	cockney	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
coenovský	Coen	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
cohenovský	Cohen	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
commodorovský	Commodor	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
corotovský	Corot	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
coubertinovský	Coubertin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
coulombovský	coulomb	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
crimsonovský	Crimson	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
čumpelíkovský	Čumpelík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dalimilovský	Dalimil	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dalíovský	Dalí	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dallasovský	Dallas	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dandyovský	dandy	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dänikenovský	Däniken	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
daríovský	darí	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
darwinovský	Darwin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ďasovský	ďas	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dedekindovský	Dedekind	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
delonovský	Delon	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
demlovský	Deml	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
deníkovský	deník	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
diblíkovský	diblík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dickensovský	Dickens	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
diderotovský	Diderot	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dietlovský	Dietl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dietrichovský	Dietrich	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dionýsovský	Dionýs	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
disneyovský	Disney	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dobiášovský	Dobiáš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dobšovský	Dobš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dolejšovský	Dolejš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
donaldovský	Donald	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
donjuanovský	donjuan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
donkichotovský	donkichot	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dopplerovský	Doppler	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dorianovský	Dorian	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
drábovský	dráb	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dřímalovský	Dřímal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dubčekovský	Dubček	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
duchampovský	Duchamp	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dumasovský	Dumas	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
duncanovský	Duncan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
durkheimovský	Durkheim	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
durychovský	Durych	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dušínovský	Dušín	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dustúrovský	Dustúr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dvořákovský	dvořák	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Dvořák
dykovský	Dyk	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
dylanovský	Dylan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ebenovský	eben	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Eben
eduardovský	Eduard	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
eifmanovský	Eifman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
einsteinovský	Einstein	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
eliotovský	Eliot	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
elvisovský	Elvis	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
erbenovský	Erben	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
erhardovský	Erhard	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
esopovský	Esop	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
esterházyovský	Esterházy	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ethernetovský	ethernet	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
evansovský	Evans	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ezopovský	Ezop	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
facebookovský	Facebook	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fairaizlovský	Fairaizl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fantomasovský	Fantomas	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
faulknerovský	Faulkner	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
faunovský	faun	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
faustovský	Faust	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
feldovský	Feld	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
felliniovský	Fellini	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fendrychovský	Fendrych	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ferencovský	Ferenc	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fešákovský	fešák	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
feydeauovský	Feydeau	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fichtovský	Ficht	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fidelovský	Fidel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fiedlerovský	Fiedler	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fieldovský	Field	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
figarovský	Figar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fikarovský	Fikar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
filistrovský	filistr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fillovský	Fill	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
finkovský	Fink	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fischerovský	Fischer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fišerovský	Fišer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fišmajstrovský	fišmajstr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fízlovský	fízl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
flahertyovský	Flaherty	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
flamendrovský	flamendr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
flámovský	flám	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
flaubertovský	Flaubert	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
flekovský	flek	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
flemingovský	Fleming	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
florianovský	Florian	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
floydovský	Floyd	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
foglarovský	Foglar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fojtíkovský	Fojtík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fordovský	ford	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
formanovský	forman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Forman
fortranovský	Fortran	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fotrovský	fotr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
frankovský	frank	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
freinetovský	Freinet	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
freudovský	Freud	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fridrichovský	Fridrich	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
friedmanovský	Friedman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fučíkovský	Fučík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fuksovský	fuks	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Fuks
fulghumovský	Fulghum	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
fýrerovský	fýrer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gabčíkovský	Gabčík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gabrielovský	Gabriel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gajdarovský	Gajdar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gallasovský	Gallas	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gallimardovský	Gallimard	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
galovský	Gal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gálovský	Gál	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gándhíovský	Gándhí	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
garibaldiovský	Garibaldi	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
garibaldovský	Garibald	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gaučovský	gauč	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gauguinovský	Gauguin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gaussovský	gauss	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Gauss
gebauerovský	Gebauer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gellnerovský	Gellner	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
genscherovský	Genscher	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gerlachovský	Gerlach	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gershwinovský	Gershwin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gessnerovský	Gessner	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
godotovský	Godot	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
goebbelsovský	Goebbels	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
goetheovský	Goethe	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
goghovský	Gogh	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gogolovský	Gogol	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
golčovský	Golč	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
goldbergovský	Goldberg	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
goldingovský	Golding	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
goldoniovský	Goldoni	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
golemovský	golem	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gorbačovovský	Gorbačov	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gordonovský	Gordon	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gottovský	Gott	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
gottschedovský	Gottsched	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
goyovský	Goy	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
grahamovský	graham	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
grázlovský	grázl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
grégrovský	Grégr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
griegovský	Grieg	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
grimmovský	Grimm	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
grossmanovský	Grossman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
grossovský	Gross	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
guerlainovský	Guerlain	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hackerovský	hacker	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hackmanovský	Hackman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
haiderovský	Haider	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
haileyovský	Hailey	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
halasovský	halas	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Halas
hamletovský	Hamlet	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hamplovský	Hampl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hamrlíkovský	Hamrlík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hamrovský	hamr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hanbalovský	Hanbal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
händelovský	Händel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
handlovský	handl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
harantovský	harant	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hartigovský	Hartig	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hášimovský	Hášim	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hašlerovský	Hašler	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
haussmannovský	Haussmann	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
haydnovský	Haydn	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hayekovský	Hayek	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hebbelovský	Hebbel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hegelovský	Hegel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
heideggerovský	Heidegger	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
heinovský	Hein	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hejzlarovský	Hejzlar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hellerovský	Heller	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hemingwayovský	Hemingway	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hendrixovský	Hendrix	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
henleinovský	Henlein	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
henryovský	henry	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
herbartovský	Herbart	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hercegovský	Herceg	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
herderovský	Herder	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hermannovský	Hermann	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
herodesovský	Herodes	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hessovský	Hess	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hilarovský	Hilar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hilbertovský	Hilbert	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hippiesovský	hippies	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hippokratovský	Hippokrat	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hiršalovský	Hiršal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hitchcockovský	Hitchcock	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hitlerovský	Hitler	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hitmakerovský	hitmaker	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hlinomazovský	Hlinomaz	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hofmistrovský	hofmistr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Hofmistr
holanovský	Holan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
holbergovský	Holberg	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hollarovský	Hollar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
holovský	Hol	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
homérovský	Homér	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
honzovský	Honz	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hoodovský	Hood	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
horácovský	Horác	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
horthyovský	Horthy	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hostašovský	Hostaš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hostovský	host	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hrabalovský	hrabal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Hrabal
hrabovský	Hrab	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hřebečovský	Hřebeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hrubínovský	Hrubín	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hujerovský	hujer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Hujer
humbertovský	Humbert	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
hurbanovský	Hurban	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
husákovský	husák	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Husák
husovský	Hus	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
husserlovský	Husserl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ibsenovský	Ibsen	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ikarovský	Ikar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
imámovský	imám	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
izákovský	Izák	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jacksonovský	Jackson	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jaggerovský	Jagger	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jakešovský	Jakeš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
janajevovský	Janajev	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jánošíkovský	Jánošík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jánošovský	Jánoš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
janusovský	Janus	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jarryovský	Jarry	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jaslovský	Jasl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jeffersonovský	Jefferson	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jelcinovský	Jelcin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jeseninovský	Jesenin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ježíšovský	Ježíš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jidášovský	Jidáš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jílovský	jíl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jobovský	job	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
johnovský	John	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
joyceovský	Joyce	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
juanovský	juan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Juan
jungmannovský	Jungmann	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
jungovský	Jung	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
justovský	Just	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kabátovský	kabát	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kádárovský	Kádár	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kainarovský	Kainar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kainovský	Kain	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kaiserovský	Kaiser	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kalikovský	Kalik	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kampanovský	kampan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kantěmirovský	Kantěmir	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kantovský	kant	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kapetovský	Kapet	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kasalovský	Kasal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kašparovský	kašpar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kemerovský	Kemer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kemrovský	Kemr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kennedyovský	Kennedy	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
keynesovský	Keynes	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kingovský	king	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kiplingovský	Kipling	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kischovský	Kisch	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kladovský	klad	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
klaunovský	klaun	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
klausovský	Klaus	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kleeovský	Klee	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kleinovský	Klein	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
klenovský	klen	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
klientovský	klient	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
klímovský	Klím	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
klossovský	Kloss	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
klukovský	kluk	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
knížákovský	Knížák	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
koberovský	Kober	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kocábovský	Kocáb	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kodakovský	Kodak	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kohlovský	Kohl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kojzarovský	Kojzar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kolářovský	kolář	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kollárovský	Kollár	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kondelíkovský	Kondelík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
koniášovský	Koniáš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kopernikovský	Kopernik	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
koperníkovský	Koperník	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
korbelovský	korbel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
koučovský	kouč	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kováčovský	Kováč	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kracíkovský	Kracík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
králíkovský	králík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kramářovský	kramář	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Kramář
krampolovský	Krampol	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
křenovský	Křen	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kubelíkovský	Kubelík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kubíkovský	kubík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kuhnovský	Kuhn	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kupletovský	kuplet	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kvapilovský	Kvapil	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
kyklopovský	kyklop	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ladovský	lad	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Lada
lamarckovský	Lamarck	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lamprechtovský	Lamprecht	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
langeovský	Lange	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
laplaceovský	Laplace	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
learovský	Lear	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
léblovský	Lébl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
legerovský	Leger	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
leibnitzovský	Leibnitz	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
leibnizovský	Leibniz	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lemovský	lem	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Lem
lennonovský	Lennon	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
leonardovský	Leonard	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lhotákovský	Lhoták	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lídrovský	lídr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
linhartovský	Linhart	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
linnéovský	Linné	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lispovský	lisp	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lisztovský	Liszt	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lízalovský	lízal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lockovský	lock	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
londonovský	London	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
loosovský	Loos	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lordovský	lord	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lotrovský	lotr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lotusovský	Lotus	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
lustigovský	Lustig	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
luxovský	lux	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
macbethovský	Macbeth	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
macdonaldovský	Macdonald	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
macintoshovský	Macintosh	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
maďarovský	Maďar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
madisonovský	Madison	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
magicovský	Magic	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mahenovský	Mahen	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mahlerovský	Mahler	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
majerovský	Majer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
malevičovský	Malevič	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
málikovský	Málik	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mallarméovský	Mallarmé	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mandlerovský	Mandler	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mánesovský	Mánes	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
manetovský	manet	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Manet
mannovský	mann	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Mann
marchaisovský	Marchais	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
marcosovský	Marcos	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
marhoulovský	Marhoul	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
markovičovský	Markovič	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
marlowovský	Marlow	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
maroldovský	Marold	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
marsovský	mars	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Mars
martinůovský	Martinů	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
marxovský	Marx	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
masarykovský	Masaryk	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mascagniovský	Mascagni	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
matrixovský	matrix	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
matyášovský	Matyáš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mayovský	May	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mazdakovský	Mazdak	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mazovský	maz	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mečiarovský	Mečiar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mečířovský	mečíř	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
medardovský	Medard	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
melechovský	Melech	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
melvillovský	Melvill	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
menclovský	Mencl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mendelovský	Mendel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
menšíkovský	Menšík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
menzelovský	Menzel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
menzlovský	Menzl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
merlinovský	Merlin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
messnerovský	Messner	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mináčovský	Mináč	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
minaříkovský	Minařík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mincmistrovský	mincmistr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mišíkovský	Mišík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mistrovský	mistr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mlynářovský	mlynář	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mojmírovský	Mojmír	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mojžíšovský	Mojžíš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
moldovský	Mold	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
moliérovský	Moliér	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mondrianovský	Mondrian	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
monetovský	Monet	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
monitorovský	monitor	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mordovský	mord	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
morrisonovský	Morrison	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
moserovský	Moser	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mozartovský	Mozart	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mrázovský	mráz	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Mráz
mrštíkovský	Mrštík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
muklovský	mukl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
müllerovský	Müller	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
munchovský	Munch	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
müntzerovský	Müntzer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
musilovský	Musil	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mussetovský	Musset	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
mussoliniovský	Mussolini	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
myslbekovský	Myslbek	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nabokovovský	Nabokov	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
najmanovský	Najman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
napoleonovský	Napoleon	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nápravníkovský	nápravník	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
natovský	Nat	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
navrátilovský	Navrátil	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nedvědovský	Nedvěd	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
néhrúovský	Néhrú	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
někrasovovský	Někrasov	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nepilovský	Nepil	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nerezovský	nerez	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nestroyovský	Nestroy	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
neumannovský	Neumann	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
neumanovský	Neuman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nextovský	Next	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nezvalovský	Nezval	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nickovský	Nick	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nietzscheovský	Nietzsche	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nikonovský	Nikon	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nobelovský	Nobel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nortonovský	norton	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nosticovský	Nostic	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
notebookovský	notebook	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
novákovský	Novák	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
novellovský	Novell	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
novellovský	Novell	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
nyugatovský	Nyugat	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
olbrachtovský	Olbracht	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
oněginovský	Oněgin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
orbisovský	Orbis	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
orffovský	Orff	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ortenovský	Orten	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
orwellovský	Orwell	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
oumyslovský	oumysl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pachtovský	pacht	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
padovský	pad	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Padova
padraikovský	Padraik	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
paganiniovský	Paganini	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
paiceovský	Paice	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
palachovský	palach	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
palaiologovský	Palaiolog	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pálffyovský	Pálffy	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pálfyovský	Pálfy	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
paradoxovský	paradox	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
páralovský	Páral	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
parkerovský	parker	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
parkinsonovský	Parkinson	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
parléřovský	Parléř	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
parsifalovský	Parsifal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pascalovský	pascal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pasoliniovský	Pasolini	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pašovský	paš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pasternakovský	Pasternak	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pavlovovský	Pavlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
peckovský	Peck	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pétainovský	Pétain	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
piastovský	Piast	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
piccardovský	Piccard	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pierotovský	pierot	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pilátovský	pilát	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pinkasovský	Pinkas	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pinochetovský	Pinochet	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pithartovský	Pithart	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pixelovský	pixel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
plachtovský	Placht	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
plečnikovský	Plečnik	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
plíhalovský	Plíhal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pluhovský	pluh	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
plzákovský	plzák	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Plzák
prášilovský	prášil	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Prášily
prévertovský	Prévert	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
přidalovský	Přidal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
psovský	ps	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pucciniovský	Puccini	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
puchmajerovský	Puchmajer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
purkmistrovský	purkmistr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
puškinovský	Puškin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
putinovský	Putin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
pythonovský	Python	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
queenovský	Queen	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
quijotovský	Quijot	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rabelaisovský	Rabelais	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
racinovský	Racin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
radokovský	Radok	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
raffaelovský	Raffael	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rainmanovský	Rainman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
raisovský	Rais	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rakovský	rak	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Rak
ransdorfovský	Ransdorf	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rasovský	ras	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rathenauovský	Rathenau	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rathovský	Rath	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ravelovský	Ravel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
raymanovský	Rayman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
reaganovský	Reagan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
redlovský	Redl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
reedovský	Reed	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
regerovský	Reger	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rekovský	rek	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rembrandtovský	Rembrandt	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
řemenářovský	řemenář	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
renčovský	Renč	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
řenčovský	Řenč	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
renoirovský	Renoir	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
řezáčovský	řezáč	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
richardovský	Richard	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
richterovský	Richter	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ricoeurovský	Ricoeur	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rieglovský	Riegl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
riemannovský	Riemann	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rimbaudovský	Rimbaud	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rodičovský	rodič	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rogerovský	Roger	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rogersovský	Rogers	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rooseveltovský	Roosevelt	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rossiniovský	Rossini	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rothovský	Roth	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rotmistrovský	rotmistr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rottalovský	Rottal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rousseauovský	Rousseau	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rubensovský	Rubens	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rubínovský	rubín	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ruchovský	ruch	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rumlovský	ruml	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Ruml
rybákovský	rybák	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rykovský	ryk	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
rysovský	rys	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šabatovský	šabat	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sabbathovský	Sabbath	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
saddámovský	Saddám	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šafaříkovský	Šafařík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šáhovský	šáh	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
salazarovský	Salazar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
salingerovský	Salinger	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šamberkovský	Šamberk	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
samsungovský	Samsung	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sargonovský	Sargon	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sarkanderovský	Sarkander	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šaronovský	Šaron	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sartrovský	Sartr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
saúdovský	Saúd	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šaumjanovský	Šaumjan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sbormistrovský	sbormistr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ščedrinovský	Ščedrin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
schauerovský	Schauer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
schellingovský	Schelling	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
schillerovský	Schiller	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
schmittovský	Schmitt	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
schönbergovský	Schönberg	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
schubertovský	Schubert	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
schulhoffovský	Schulhoff	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
schumannovský	Schumann	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
scorseseovský	Scorsese	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
scotovský	Scot	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
scottovský	Scott	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sečovský	seč	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
seifertovský	Seifert	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
seinfeldovský	Seinfeld	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šemíkovský	šemík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Šemík
senderovský	Sender	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šepmistrovský	šepmistr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
serverovský	server	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
seuratovský	Seurat	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ševčíkovský	ševčík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
shannonovský	Shannon	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
shawovský	Shaw	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
shellovský	shell	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
siemensovský	siemens	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sihanukovský	Sihanuk	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šikovský	šik	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
simmelovský	Simmel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
simpsonovský	Simpson	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šindelovský	šindel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sisleyovský	Sisley	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
skácelovský	Skácel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sklenářovský	sklenář	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sklepovský	sklep	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
školmistrovský	školmistr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
skřetovský	skřet	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
skrjabinovský	Skrjabin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
slavníkovský	Slavník	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šlejharovský	Šlejhar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šlitrovský	Šlitr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
slobodníkovský	Slobodník	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šloufovský	Šlouf	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
smetanovský	Smetan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šmokovský	šmok	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
smoljakovský	Smoljak	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
smrkovský	smrk	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sofsemovský	Sofsem	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
soltiovský	Solti	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šorfšicovský	šorfšic	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
soukupovský	Soukup	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
spartakovský	Spartak	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
špátovský	Špát	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
spejblovský	Spejbl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
spenserovský	Spenser	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
špiclovský	špicl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
spielbergovský	Spielberg	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
špíglovský	špígl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
špindlerovský	Špindler	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sporckovský	Sporck	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
šporkovský	Špork	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
springerovský	Springer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
štaidlovský	Štaidl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
stalkerovský	stalker	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
stavovský	stav	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
štefánikovský	Štefánik	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
steinbeckovský	Steinbeck	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
stendhalovský	Stendhal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sternovský	Stern	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
stirnerovský	Stirner	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
stivellovský	Stivell	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
stivínovský	Stivín	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
štollovský	Štoll	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
stratilovský	Stratil	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
strattonovský	Stratton	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
straussovský	Strauss	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
štrébrovský	štrébr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
strécovský	stréc	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
streicherovský	Streicher	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
strejcovský	strejc	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
štrougalovský	Štrougal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
strýcovský	strýc	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
stuartovský	Stuart	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
štúrovský	Štúr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sunovský	sun	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
švagrovský	švagr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
švandrlíkovský	Švandrlík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
svazarmovský	Svazarm	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
švejkovský	švejk	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Švejk
svěrákovský	svěrák	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Svěrák
svistovský	svist	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
svišťovský	svišť	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
svitákovský	Sviták	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
svitovský	svit	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
swiftovský	swift	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
synovský	syn	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
sýsovský	Sýs	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
taboriovský	Tabori	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tajtrlíkovský	tajtrlík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
talichovský	Talich	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tarantinovský	Tarantin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tartuffovský	Tartuff	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tarzanovský	tarzan	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tatíkovský	tatík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tauferovský	Taufer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
teigeovský	Teige	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
telnetovský	Telnet	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
thákurovský	Thákur	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
thatcherovský	Thatcher	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
theseovský	these	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
thonetovský	Thonet	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
thunovský	Thun	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tímúrovský	Tímúr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
titanikovský	Titanik	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tofflerovský	Toffler	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tolkienovský	Tolkien	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tolstojovský	Tolstoj	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tomanovský	Toman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
toryovský	tory	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
traklovský	Trakl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
travenovský	Traven	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
trhovský	trh	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
trkovský	trk	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
truffautovský	Truffaut	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tučňákovský	tučňák	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tudorovský	tudor	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
turgeněvovský	Turgeněv	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
tylovský	tyl	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Tyl
typltovský	Typlt	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ubuovský	Ubu	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ultrixovský	Ultrix	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
updikeovský	Updike	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
uriášovský	Uriáš	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
usirovský	Usir	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
váchalovský	Váchal	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vaculíkovský	Vaculík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vágnerovský	Vágner	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
valéryovský	Valéry	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
valihrachovský	Valihrach	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vampovský	vamp	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vaxovský	vax	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vechtrovský	vechtr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
verdiovský	Verdi	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
verlainovský	Verlain	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
verneovský	Verne	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vianovský	Vian	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
víchovský	vích	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vieweghovský	Viewegh	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
viklefovský	Viklef	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vilímovský	Vilím	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
villonovský	Villon	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
virgilovský	Virgil	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
viscontiovský	Visconti	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vítovský	Vít	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vivaldiovský	Vivaldi	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vizírovský	vizír	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vlasovovský	Vlasov	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vnukovský	vnuk	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vobrovský	Vobr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vochtrovský	vochtr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vojtovský	vojt	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský Z: Vojta
vonnegutovský	Vonnegut	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vrahovský	vrah	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vrchovský	vrch	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vřesovský	vřes	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
výběrovský	výběr	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
vyskočilovský	Vyskočil	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wagnerovský	Wagner	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wahhábovský	Wahháb	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
waitsovský	Waits	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wallenrodovský	Wallenrod	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
warholovský	Warhol	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
watsonovský	Watson	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
weilovský	Weil	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
weinerovský	Weiner	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
weissovský	Weiss	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wellesovský	Welles	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wellsovský	Wells	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wendersovský	Wenders	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
werfelovský	Werfel	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
werichovský	Werich	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wernischovský	Wernisch	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wertherovský	Werther	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
whigovský	whig	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
whitmanovský	Whitman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wieserovský	Wieser	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wildeovský	Wilde	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wildovský	Wild	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wilsonovský	Wilson	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
windowsovský	Windows	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wolkerovský	Wolker	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
wordstarovský	Wordstar	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
xenixovský	Xenix	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
yankeeovský	Yankee	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ypsilonovský	ypsilon	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
žákovský	žák	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ždanovovský	Ždanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
žďorpovský	Žďorp	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
zemanovský	zeman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
ženichovský	ženich	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
zeppelinovský	Zeppelin	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
zeťovský	zeť	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
zeyerovský	Zeyer	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
zichovský	Zich	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
židovský	žid	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
živkovovský	Živkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
změlíkovský	Změlík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
zmrzlíkovský	zmrzlík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
zombíkovský	zombík	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
zuckermanovský	Zuckerman	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
zuckerovský	Zucker	CHANGE: 0 --> ovský
aachenský	Aachen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
aalborgský	Aalborg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
aalsmeerský	Aalsmeer	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
abakanský	Abakan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
abbottábádský	Abbottábád	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
abchazský	Abchaz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
abcházský	Abcház	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
aberdeenský	aberdeen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ábíčkářský	ábíčkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
abidžanský	Abidžan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
absurdistánský	absurdistán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
abúsírský	Abúsír	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
achajský	Achaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
adalský	Adal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
adamovský	Adamov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
adamský	Adam	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
adenský	Aden	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
adižský	Adiž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
afanasjevský	Afanasjev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
afarský	Afar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
afghánský	Afghán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
agdamský	Agdam	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
aggtelekský	Aggtelek	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ahmadnagarský	Ahmadnagar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
aitólský	Aitól	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
akkadský	Akkad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
aksúmský	Aksúm	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
alamoský	Alamo	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
alandský	Aland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
albertovský	Albertov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
alemanský	Aleman	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
alexandrovský	Alexandrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
alígarhský	Alígarh	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
alpinkářský	alpinkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
alpínkářský	alpínkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
altairský	Altair	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
altajský	Altaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
alžbětínský	Alžbětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
amanský	Aman	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
amazonský	Amazon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ambasadorský	ambasador	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
amerikánský	Amerikán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ammánský	Ammán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
amritsarský	Amritsar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
amsterodamský	Amsterodam	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
anaheimský	Anaheim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
anatolský	Anatol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
andělíčkářský	andělíčkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
andrejevský	Andrejev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
andronikovský	Andronikov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
anekdotářský	anekdotář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
angkorský	Angkor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
anhaltský	Anhalt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
anjouský	Anjou	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
annamský	Annam	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
annenský	Annen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
annínský	Annín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
anšanský	Anšan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
anténářský	anténář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
antonínský	Antonín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
antukářský	antukář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
apačský	Apač	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
apatekářský	apatekář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
apolinářský	Apolinář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
apollonský	Apollon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
apollónský	Apollón	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
arakanský	Arakan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
aralský	Aral	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
araukánský	Araukán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
archangelský	Archangel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
archlebovský	Archlebov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
arkturský	Arktur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
arlingtonský	Arlington	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
armaturářský	armaturář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
arménský	Armén	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
arnhemský	Arnhem	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
arnoštovský	Arnoštov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ásámský	Ásám	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ašaninský	Ašanin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ašchabadský	Ašchabad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
asiatský	Asiat	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
asmarský	Asmar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
assenský	Assen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ašský	Aš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
assyrský	Assyr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
astrachaňský	Astrachaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
asuánský	Asuán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
atreidský	Atreid	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
aucklandský	Auckland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
augsburgský	Augsburg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
augustinský	Augustin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
augustýnský	Augustýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
autíčkářský	autíčkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
autokarosářský	autokarosář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
autoopravářský	autoopravář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
avadhský	Avadh	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
avarský	Avar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
avenelský	Avenel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
aventinský	Aventin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
avignonský	Avignon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
avonský	Avon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ázerbajdžánský	Ázerbajdžán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ázerbájdžánský	Ázerbájdžán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
azerský	Azer	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
azkabanský	Azkaban	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
azovský	Azov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
babský	Bab	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
babylónský	Babylón	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bachčisarajský	Bachčisaraj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bačkorářský	bačkorář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bafunářský	bafunář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bagdádský	Bagdád	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bagský	bag	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bahmanský	Bahman	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bahrajnský	Bahrajn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bajkalský	Bajkal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bajkářský	bajkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bajkerský	bajker	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bajkonurský	Bajkonur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bakoňský	Bakoň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bakovský	Bakov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
balakovský	Balakov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
balatonský	Balaton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
baldovský	Baldov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
baličský	balič	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
balíkářský	balíkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
balíkovský	balíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
baliský	Bali	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
baltský	Balt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
balúčistánský	Balúčistán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
balúčský	Balúč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bambarský	Bambar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bamberský	Bamber	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bampúrský	Bampúr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bandungský	Bandung	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bangkokský	Bangkok	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bangladéšský	Bangladéš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
baníkovský	Baníkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bánovský	Bánov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bantuský	Bantu	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
baranjský	Baranj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
barbizonský	Barbizon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
barchovský	Barchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bardejovský	Bardejov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
barnumský	Barnum	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
barrandovský	Barrandov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bartolomějský	Bartoloměj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
basilejský	Basilej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
baškirský	Baškir	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
básnířský	básníř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bašský	Baš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bataanský	Bataan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
batelovský	Batelov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
baterkářský	baterkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
batikářský	batikář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
batmanovský	Batmanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
batůžkářský	batůžkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bavorovský	Bavorov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bayreuthský	Bayreuth	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bazénářský	bazénář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bechlínský	Bechlín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
beckovský	Beckov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bečovský	Bečov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bedihošťský	Bedihošť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bedrčský	Bedrč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bedřichovský	Bedřichov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bejrútský	Bejrút	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bělečský	Běleč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bělehradský	Bělehrad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
belfastský	Belfast	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bělgorodský	Bělgorod	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
benátský	Benát	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
benešovský	Benešov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
benettonský	benetton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
beninský	Benin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
beňovský	Beňov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
benzinářský	benzinář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
beranovský	Beranov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
beranský	beran	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
berberský	Berber	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bergský	Berg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
berlínský	Berlín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bernovský	Bernov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bernský	Bern	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bethanský	Bethan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bhópálský	Bhópál	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bhútánský	Bhútán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bibliotekářský	bibliotekář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bidžápurský	Bidžápur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bihačský	Bihač	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bilgorajský	Bilgoraj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bílichovský	Bílichov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bilionářský	bilionář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bílkovský	Bílkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bílský	Bíl	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
binningenský	Binningen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
birminghamský	Birmingham	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bísutúnský	Bísutún	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bítešský	Bíteš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bítouchovský	Bítouchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bítovský	Bítov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bitterfeldský	Bitterfeld	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
blackpoolský	Blackpool	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
blahoňovský	Blahoňov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
blažejský	Blažej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
blažimský	Blažim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
blažkovský	Blažkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bledský	Bled	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
blížejovský	Blížejov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bludovský	Bludov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
boberský	Bober	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
böblingenský	Böblingen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bochořský	Bochoř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bochovský	Bochov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bochumský	Bochum	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bodamský	Bodam	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bohdalovský	Bohdalov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bohdanečský	Bohdaneč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bohdašínský	Bohdašín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bohdíkovský	Bohdíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bohinjský	Bohinj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bohosudovský	Bohosudov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bohumínský	Bohumín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bohušovský	Bohušov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bohutínský	Bohutín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bojanovský	Bojanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bojanský	Bojan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bojovský	Bojov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bójský	Bój	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bolebořský	Boleboř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bolehošťský	Bolehošť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bolehovský	Bolehov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bolíkovský	Bolíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bolkovský	Bolkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bollywoodský	Bollywood	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bombajský	Bombaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bonmotářský	bonmotář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bonnský	Bonn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bonsajářský	bonsajář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bonský	bon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bontonský	bonton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
boomský	boom	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
borečský	Boreč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bořeňský	Bořeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bořislavský	Bořislav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bořitovský	Bořitov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
borlandský	Borland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bornholmský	Bornholm	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
borodinský	Borodin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
borotínský	Borotín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
borovanský	Borovan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
borovský	Borov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
boršovský	Boršov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
boseňský	Boseň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
boskovštejnský	Boskovštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bosporský	Bospor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bostonský	Boston	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
botičský	Botič	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
boubínský	Boubín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
boulogneský	Boulogne	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bournemouthský	Bournemouth	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bousínský	Bousín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
boušínský	Boušín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bousovský	Bousov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bouzovský	Bouzov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
božanovský	Božanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
božejovský	Božejov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bozkovský	Bozkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
božský	Bož	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brabantský	Brabant	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bračský	Brač	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bradfordský	Bradford	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brandovský	Brandov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
branišovský	Branišov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
branovský	Branov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bránovský	Bránov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
braškovský	Braškov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brašovský	Brašov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bratřejovský	Bratřejov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bratříkovský	Bratříkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bratrušovský	Bratrušov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
breathariánský	breatharián	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
břeclavský	Břeclav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bremerhavenský	Bremerhaven	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brennerský	Brenner	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brestský	Brest	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
břestský	Břest	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bretaňský	Bretaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bretonský	Breton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
břevnovský	Břevnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
březenský	březen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
březhradský	Březhrad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brightonský	Brighton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
briketářský	briketář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brionský	Brion	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bristolský	Bristol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
britský	Brit	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brixenský	Brixen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brixtonský	Brixton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brňanský	Brňan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brnířovský	Brnířov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
broadwayský	Broadway	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brockenský	Brocken	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brodwayský	Brodway	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brokařský	brokař	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bronxský	Bronx	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brookerský	Brooker	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brooklynský	Brooklyn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
broumovský	Broumov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
broumský	Broum	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brozanský	Brozan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brťovský	Brťov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brumlovský	Brumlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brumovský	Brumov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brunejský	Brunej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bruntálský	Bruntál	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bruselský	Brusel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brzkovský	Brzkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
brzotínský	Brzotín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bubákovský	Bubákov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bubenečský	Bubeneč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bubenský	buben	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bucharinský	Bucharin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
buchárský	Buchár	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
buchenwaldský	Buchenwald	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
buchlovský	Buchlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
budapešťský	Budapešť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
budečský	Budeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
budíkovský	Budíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
budilovský	Budilov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
budínský	Budín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
budislavský	Budislav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
budišovský	Budišov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
budkovský	Budkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
budyšínský	Budyšín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bugský	bug	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bujanovský	Bujanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bukolský	Bukol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bukovský	Bukov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bukurešťský	Bukurešť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bulgakovský	Bulgakov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bulharský	Bulhar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bulovský	Bulov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
buquoyský	Buquoy	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
burgenlandský	Burgenland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
burgeský	Burge	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
burgundský	burgund	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
burjatský	Burjat	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
búšehrský	Búšehr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
buskerský	busker	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
buštěhradský	Buštěhrad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
butovský	Butov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
butský	But	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bydhošťský	Bydhošť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bydžovský	Bydžov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
býkovský	Býkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bynovský	Bynov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
byronský	Byron	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
býšťský	Býšť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
bytízský	Bytíz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čachrovský	Čachrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cádizský	Cádiz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čadský	Čad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cambridgeský	Cambridge	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čamrdářský	čamrdář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čankovský	Čankov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
caracolský	Caracol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cardiffský	Cardiff	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cařihradský	Cařihrad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
carmarthenský	Carmarthen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čáslavský	Čáslav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
částkovský	Částkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
častrovský	Častrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
caymanský	Cayman	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čchingský	Čching	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čchinský	Čchin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čebínský	Čebín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čečenský	Čečen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čechoslovanský	Čechoslovan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čechošvýcarský	Čechošvýcar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čechovský	Čechov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čechtínský	Čechtín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cedronský	Cedron	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čejčský	Čejč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cejlonský	Cejlon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čejovský	Čejov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čenkovský	Čenkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čepínský	Čepín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čepský	čep	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čerchovský	Čerchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čergovský	Čergov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čerňanský	Čerňan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
černčínský	Černčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
černíčský	Černíč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
černigovský	Černigov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
černíkovský	Černíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
černilovský	Černilov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
černínský	Černín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
černivský	Černiv	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čerokézský	Čerokéz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
česáčský	česáč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čestínský	Čestín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chabičovský	Chabičov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chalchský	Chalch	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chamberlainský	Chamberlain	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chamský	Cham	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
changajský	Changaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chanovský	Chanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chánovský	Chánov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
charentonský	Charenton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
charkovský	Charkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chartúmský	Chartúm	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
charvátský	Charvát	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chasbulatovský	Chasbulatov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chathamský	Chatham	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chavínský	Chavín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chazarský	Chazar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chcebuzský	Chcebuz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chebský	Cheb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chelmský	Chelm	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cheltenhamský	Cheltenham	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chemapolský	Chemapol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chemikářský	chemikář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chesterský	Chester	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chichesterský	Chichester	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chlebičovský	Chlebičov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chlebovský	Chlebov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chlistovský	Chlistov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chlumínský	Chlumín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
choceňský	Choceň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chočský	Choč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chodouňský	Chodouň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chodovarský	Chodovar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chodovský	Chodov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chomoutovský	Chomoutov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chomýžský	Chomýž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chorezmský	Chorezm	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chorvatský	Chorvat	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chorzowský	Chorzow	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chotanský	Chotan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chotěbořský	Chotěboř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chotěbuzský	Chotěbuz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chotečský	Choteč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chotěšovský	Chotěšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chotětovský	Chotětov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chotíkovský	Chotíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chotkovský	Chotkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chotouňský	Chotouň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chrastěšovský	Chrastěšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chroustovský	Chroustov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chrudimský	Chrudim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chudeřínský	Chudeřín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chuderovský	Chuderov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chudobínský	Chudobín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chuejský	Chuej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
churáňovský	Churáňov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chustský	Chust	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chvalčovský	Chvalčov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chynínský	Chynín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
chýnovský	Chýnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čibčský	Čibč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ciboušovský	Ciboušov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cieszynský	Cieszyn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čihošťský	Čihošť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
číhošťský	Číhošť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
číměřský	Číměř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cimrmanský	Cimrman	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
činovský	Činov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cinvaldský	Cinvald	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cítovský	Cítov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
civilkářský	civilkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cizkrajovský	Cizkrajov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čížovský	Čížov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
clarendonský	Clarendon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
clevelandský	Cleveland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cliftonský	Clifton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
clivedenský	Cliveden	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cmuntský	Cmunt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čólský	Čól	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
commodorský	Commodor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
connecticutský	Connecticut	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
contadorský	Contador	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
corkský	Cork	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cornellský	Cornell	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
corregidorský	Corregidor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čouský	Čou	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cruiskeenský	Cruiskeen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cunkovský	Cunkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
čuvašský	Čuvaš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cvikovský	Cvikov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cvilínský	Cvilín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
cyrilský	Cyril	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dachsteinský	Dachstein	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dagestánský	Dagestán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
daimonský	Daimon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dakarský	Dakar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dalečínský	Dalečín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dalejský	dalej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
daleský	Dale	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dalmatský	Dalmat	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
damnovský	Damnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
danajský	Danaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dánský	Dán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dárdžilingský	Dárdžiling	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dárfúrský	Dárfúr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
darienský	Darien	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
darkovský	Darkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
darlingtonský	Darlington	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
darmstadtský	Darmstadt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dartmouthský	Dartmouth	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
daruvarský	Daruvar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dauphinéský	Dauphiné	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
davaoský	Davao	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
davidovský	Davidov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
daytonský	Dayton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
deblínský	Deblín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
deblkajakářský	deblkajakář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
debrecínský	Debrecín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
debřský	Debř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
debrujářský	debrujář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
děčínský	Děčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
deggendorfský	Deggendorf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dehtovský	Dehtov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
děhylovský	Děhylov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dějepisářský	dějepisář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dekanský	Dekan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
delftský	Delft	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
depresářský	depresář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
detektorářský	detektorář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dětřichovský	Dětřichov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
detroitský	Detroit	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
detvanský	Detvan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
devínský	Devín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
děvínský	Děvín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dietářský	dietář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dijonský	Dijon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dílský	díl	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dimitrovský	Dimitrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
divišovský	Divišov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dlabačovský	Dlabačov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dlažovský	Dlažov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
doberský	Dober	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobešský	Dobeš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobranovský	Dobranov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobřichovský	Dobřichov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobříkovský	Dobříkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobříňský	Dobříň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobříšský	Dobříš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobřívský	Dobřív	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobrkovský	Dobrkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobrohošťský	Dobrohošť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobronínský	Dobronín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobrošovský	Dobrošov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobroučský	Dobrouč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobršský	Dobrš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dobrušský	Dobruš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dokský	dok	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dolněmčanský	Dolněmčan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
domamilský	Domamil	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
domanínský	Domanín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
domašínský	Domašín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
domašovský	Domašov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
donovalský	Donoval	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dorchesterský	Dorchester	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dórský	Dór	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dortmundský	Dortmund	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
doudlebský	Doudleb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský Z: Doudleby
doupovský	Doupov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
doverský	Dover	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drachkovský	Drachkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drahanský	Drahan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drahotínský	Drahotín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drakovský	Drakov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drasenhofenský	Drasenhofen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drásovský	Drásov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drávidský	Drávid	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dražejovský	Dražejov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
draženovský	Draženov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drbákovský	Drbákov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dřevanský	Dřevan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dřevěnkářský	dřevěnkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dřevíčský	Dřevíč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dřevíkovský	Dřevíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drinopolský	Drinopol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dřínovský	Dřínov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dříňský	Dříň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dřítečský	Dříteč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dříteňský	Dříteň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drkolnovský	Drkolnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drmoulský	Drmoul	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drnovský	Drnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
droždínský	Droždín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drozdovský	Drozdov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
drukovský	Drukov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
držkovský	Držkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dubajský	Dubaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dubečský	Dubeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dublinský	Dublin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dubrovský	Dubrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
duchcovský	Duchcov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dudajevský	Dudajev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
duluthský	Duluth	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
duranský	Duran	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
durbanský	Durban	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
durhamský	Durham	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dušejovský	Dušejov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
düsseldorfský	Düsseldorf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dyleňský	Dyleň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
dýmkářský	dýmkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
džanínský	Džanín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
džibutský	Džibut	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
džohorský	Džohor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
džürčenský	Džürčen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
edinburghský	Edinburgh	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
edinburgský	Edinburg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
edmontonský	Edmonton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
egerlandský	Egerland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
egerský	Eger	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
eichstättský	Eichstätt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
eindhovenský	Eindhoven	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
einserský	Einser	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ekofarmářský	ekofarmář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
elamský	Elam	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ellwangenský	Ellwangen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
elsterský	Elster	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
epsonský	Epson	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
eremitský	Eremit	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
erfurtský	Erfurt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
erlangenský	Erlangen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ernestinský	Ernestin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
essenský	Essen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
etonský	Eton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
eupenský	Eupen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
everestský	Everest	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
evertonský	Everton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
evianský	Evian	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
evropanský	Evropan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ezopský	Ezop	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fabiánský	Fabián	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fajjúmský	Fajjúm	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
falknovský	Falknov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
falunský	Falun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fedosejevský	Fedosejev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fellský	Fell	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fenjanský	Fenjan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
filipovský	Filipov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
filónský	Filón	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
finský	Fin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
florentský	Florent	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
floreský	Flore	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fonský	Fon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fortranský	Fortran	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
frakcionářský	frakcionář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
francouzský	Francouz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
frankenthalský	Frankenthal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
frankfurtský	Frankfurt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
frankopanský	Frankopan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
franský	Fran	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
františkovský	Františkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
freistadtský	Freistadt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
frenštátský	Frenštát	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
friulský	Friul	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
frýdlantský	Frýdlant	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
frýdštejnský	Frýdštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fryštátský	Fryštát	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
frývaldovský	Frývaldov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fulbský	Fulb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fullerský	Fuller	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fultonský	Fulton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
furthský	Furth	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
fyzikářský	fyzikář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gabeský	Gabe	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gabonský	Gabon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gabunský	Gabun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gaelský	Gael	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
galantský	galant	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
galatský	Galat	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
galský	Gal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gandersheimský	Gandersheim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gasteinský	Gastein	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gazský	Gaz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gelderlandský	Gelderland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
geldernský	Geldern	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gemerský	Gemer	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gentský	Gent	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
georgetownský	Georgetown	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
georgievský	Georgiev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
georgijský	Georgij	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
germainský	Germain	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
germánský	Germán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
getský	Get	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gétský	Gét	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gibraltarský	Gibraltar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gilský	Gil	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
girondeský	Gironde	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gissarský	Gissar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
glasgowský	Glasgow	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gloucesterský	Gloucester	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gmündský	Gmünd	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
godesbergský	Godesberg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gomelský	Gomel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gorbačevský	Gorbačev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gorbačovský	Gorbačov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gordonský	Gordon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gorochovský	Gorochov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gorolský	Gorol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
göteborgský	Göteborg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gothardský	Gothard	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gótský	Gót	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gotthardský	Gotthard	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
göttingenský	Göttingen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gottorpský	Gottorp	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gottwaldovský	Gottwaldov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
grabštejnský	Grabštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
greenwichský	Greenwich	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
greifswaldský	Greifswald	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
groningenský	Groningen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gruzínský	Gruzín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
grygovský	Grygov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
guadalcanalský	Guadalcanal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
guayaquilský	Guayaquil	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gudžarátský	Gudžarát	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
guildfordský	Guildford	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
guilfordský	Guilford	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gurdžarský	Gurdžar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gurský	Gur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
gwyneddský	Gwynedd	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
györský	Györ	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
haagský	Haag	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
haarlemský	Haarlem	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
habartovský	Habartov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
haberský	Haber	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
habešský	Habeš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
haidarábádský	Haidarábád	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hainanský	Hainan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hájovský	Hájov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
halenkovský	Halenkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
haličský	Halič	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
halloweenský	Halloween	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hallstattský	Hallstatt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
halštrovský	Halštrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hamerský	Hamer	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hammondkářský	hammondkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hannoverský	Hannover	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hanojský	Hanoj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hanoverský	Hanover	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
harasovský	Harasov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
harcovský	Harcov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
harlejářský	harlejář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
harlemský	Harlem	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
harleyářský	harleyář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
harpagonský	Harpagon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
harrachovský	Harrachov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hartfordský	Hartford	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hasištejnský	Hasištejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
haškovský	Haškov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
haštalský	Haštal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hauenštejnský	Hauenštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
havajský	Havaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
havířovský	Havířov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
havlovský	Havlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
havraňský	Havraň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hazlovský	Hazlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
heavenerský	Heavener	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hebrejský	Hebrej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hebronský	Hebron	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
heianský	Heian	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
heidelbergský	Heidelberg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
heilbronnský	Heilbronn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
heilbronský	Heilbron	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hejčínský	Hejčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
helenínský	Helenín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
helénský	Helén	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
helfštýnský	Helfštýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
helgolandský	Helgoland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
helikonkářský	helikonkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hellespontský	Hellespont	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
helvetský	helvet	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
helvétský	Helvét	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
henanský	Henan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
henčovský	Henčov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
herátský	Herát	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
herbářský	herbář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
herefordský	Hereford	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
heřmanovský	Heřmanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
heroltský	Herolt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hessenský	Hessen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hevlínský	Hevlín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hildesheimský	Hildesheim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
himálajský	Himálaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
himalájský	Himaláj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hindustánský	Hindustán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hissarský	Hissar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hladnovský	Hladnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hladovkářský	hladovkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hlávkovský	Hlávkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hlemýžďářský	hlemýžďář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hlohovský	Hlohov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hloubětínský	Hloubětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hlubošský	Hluboš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hlučínský	Hlučín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hnačovský	Hnačov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hněvkovský	Hněvkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hněvotínský	Hněvotín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hobartský	Hobart	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hodgkinský	Hodgkin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hodinkářský	hodinkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hodonínský	Hodonín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hofský	Hof	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hohenštaufský	Hohenštauf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
holanský	Holan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
holešovský	Holešov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
holíčský	Holíč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
holkovský	Holkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hollywoodský	Hollywood	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
holsteinský	Holstein	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
holštejnský	Holštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
holýšovský	Holýšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
homérský	Homér	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hongkongský	Hongkong	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
honkongský	Honkong	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hontský	Hont	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hooliganský	Hooligan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hoornský	Hoorn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
horákovský	Horákov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hořanský	Hořan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hořátevský	Hořátev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hořínský	Hořín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hornádský	Hornád	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
horšovský	Horšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hosínský	Hosín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hošťálkovský	Hošťálkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hostějovský	Hostějov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hostětínský	Hostětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hostimský	Hostim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hostínský	Hostín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hostišovský	Hostišov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hostivařský	Hostivař	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hostouňský	Hostouň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hostýnský	Hostýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hovězský	Hověz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hrabačovský	Hrabačov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hrabenovský	Hrabenov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hračičkářský	hračičkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hradešínský	Hradešín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hradišťanský	Hradišťan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hradišťský	Hradišť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hradlářský	hradlář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hranolkářský	hranolkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hrdlívský	Hrdlív	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hřebečský	Hřebeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hřibský	hřib	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hronovský	Hronov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hrozenkovský	Hrozenkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hroznatovský	Hroznatov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hrozňatovský	Hrozňatov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hroznětínský	Hroznětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hrušovský	Hrušov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hubertský	Hubert	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hulínský	Hulín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
humanitářský	humanitář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hunský	Hun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
huntířovský	Huntířov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
huronský	Huron	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hurónský	Hurón	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hutský	Hut	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hutterský	Hutter	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hutuský	Hutu	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
hýskovský	Hýskov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
iberský	Iber	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ikarský	Ikar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
illyrský	Illyr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ilyrský	Ilyr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
imphálský	Imphál	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ingolstadtský	Ingolstadt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ingušský	Inguš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
innský	Inn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
inuitský	Inuit	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ionský	ion	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ipeľský	Ipeľ	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ipswichský	Ipswich	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
íránský	Írán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
irkutský	Irkut	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
irokézský	Irokéz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ironmanský	Ironman	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
irský	Ir	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
isaurský	Isaur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
isfahánský	Isfahán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
isinský	Isin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
islámábádský	Islámábád	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
islandský	Island	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ismáílský	Ismáíl	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
istanbulský	Istanbul	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
istarský	Istar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
italský	Ital	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
izmirský	Izmir	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
izraelský	Izrael	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jablkoňský	Jablkoň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jablunkovský	Jablunkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jáchymovský	Jáchymov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jadranský	Jadran	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jahodářský	jahodář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jakubovský	Jakubov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jakubský	Jakub	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jakutský	Jakut	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jamalský	Jamal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
janovský	Janov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
janský	Jan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jánský	Ján	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jaroměřský	Jaroměř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jaronínský	Jaronín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jaroslavlský	Jaroslavl	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jarošovský	Jarošov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jarovský	Jarov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jarský	Jar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jasovský	Jasov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jasperský	Jasper	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jasribský	Jasrib	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
javanský	Javan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
javorinský	Javorin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jazykářský	jazykář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jedlovský	Jedlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jedničkářský	jedničkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jeffersonský	Jefferson	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jemenský	Jemen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jenečský	Jeneč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jeníkovský	Jeníkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jenisejský	Jenisej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jenišovský	Jenišov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jerevanský	Jerevan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jerseyský	Jersey	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jeruzalémský	Jeruzalém	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ještědský	Ještěd	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jetřichovský	Jetřichov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jičínský	Jičín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jíkevský	Jíkev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jimramovský	Jimramov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jindřichovský	Jindřichov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jindřišský	Jindřiš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jinínský	Jinín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jiřetínský	Jiřetín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jiříkovský	Jiříkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jirkovský	Jirkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jonský	Jon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jónský	Jón	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jorubský	Jorub	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
josefodolský	Josefodol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
josefovský	Josefov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
josefský	Josef	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
juliánský	Julián	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
julišský	Juliš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jundrovský	Jundrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
justiniánský	Justinián	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jusupovský	Jusupov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
jutský	Jut	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kabelkářský	kabelkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kábulský	Kábul	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kabylský	Kabyl	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kačalovský	Kačalov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kačerovský	Kačerov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kaceřovský	Kaceřov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kachlářský	kachlář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kachlíkářský	kachlíkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kácovský	Kácov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kadaňský	Kadaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kadlínský	Kadlín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kadovský	Kadov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kafueský	Kafue	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kahunský	Kahun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kajerský	Kajer	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kájovský	Kájov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kalábrijský	Kalábrij	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kalevalský	Kaleval	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kaliningradský	Kaliningrad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kalininský	Kalinin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kališský	Kališ	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kalušský	Kaluš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kamerunský	Kamerun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kanaánský	Kanaán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kandahárský	Kandahár	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kaňkovský	Kaňkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kantemirský	Kantemir	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kantěmirský	Kantěmir	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kaperský	Kaper	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kapitolský	Kapitol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kaprunský	Kaprun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kapský	Kap	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
karakoramský	Karakoram	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
karasínský	Karasín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
karelofinský	Karelofin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
karenský	Karen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kařezský	Kařez	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
karibský	Karib	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
karlínský	Karlín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
karlovský	Karlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
karlštejnský	Karlštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
karmelský	Karmel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
karolínský	Karolín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kašperský	Kašper	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kasselský	Kassel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
katovský	Katov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
katyňský	Katyň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kavkazský	Kavkaz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kazachstánský	Kazachstán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kazaňský	Kazaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kazínský	Kazín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kaznějovský	Kaznějov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
keblovský	Keblov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kečupářský	kečupář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kelbadžárský	Kelbadžár	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kelčský	Kelč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kelský	kel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
keltiberský	Keltiber	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kempenský	Kempen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kemptenský	Kempten	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kensingtonský	Kensington	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kentský	Kent	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kerčský	Kerč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
keřkovský	Keřkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kermánský	Kermán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kerský	Ker	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
khmerský	Khmer	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kielský	Kiel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kijevský	Kijev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kikujský	Kikuj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kimberleyský	Kimberley	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kirovský	Kirov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kišiněvský	Kišiněv	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kitanský	Kitan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kitzbühelský	Kitzbühel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kizljarský	Kizljar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klagenfurtský	Klagenfurt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klamošský	Klamoš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klárovský	Klárov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klasikářský	klasikář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klášťovský	Klášťov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klecanský	Klecan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klenečský	Kleneč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klepačovský	Klepačov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kleťský	Kleť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klezmerský	Klezmer	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klíčovský	Klíčov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klíčský	klíč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klikovský	Klikov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klimentovský	Klimentov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klingenthalský	Klingenthal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klingonský	Klingon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klíšský	Klíš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klokočovský	Klokočov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
klučovský	Klučov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kněžmostský	Kněžmost	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kninský	Knin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
knínský	Knín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
knovízský	Knovíz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kobercářský	kobercář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
koblovský	Koblov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kóčinský	Kóčin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
koclířovský	Koclířov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kočovský	Kočov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kodaňský	Kodaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kohinoorský	Kohinoor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kojetínský	Kojetín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kokandský	Kokand	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kokangský	Kokang	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kokonínský	Kokonín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kokořínský	Kokořín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kolečský	Koleč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kollinský	Kollin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kolovečský	Koloveč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kolowratský	Kolowrat	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kolšovský	Kolšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kolštejnský	Kolštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
komárovský	Komárov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
komínský	komín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
komiský	komi	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
komořanský	Komořan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kompletářský	kompletář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
komsomolský	Komsomol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
koněšínský	Koněšín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
koníčkářský	koníčkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
konstantinský	Konstantin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
konzervářský	konzervář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kopaničárský	Kopaničár	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kopský	kop	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
korálkářský	korálkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
korejský	Korej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kořenovský	Kořenov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
korintský	Korint	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
koryčanský	Koryčan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
korytářský	korytář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
košťálovský	Košťálov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kostkářský	kostkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
koterovský	Koterov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kotnovský	Kotnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kounovský	Kounov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kouřimský	Kouřim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kovářovský	Kovářov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kozákovský	Kozákov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kozčínský	Kozčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kožešinářský	kožešinář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kozlodujský	Kozloduj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krajinkářský	krajinkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krakovanský	Krakovan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krakovský	Krakov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krakowský	Krakow	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kramolínský	Kramolín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kranjský	Kranj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kraselovský	Kraselov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krasnodarský	Krasnodar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krašovský	Krašov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krčínský	Krčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krčský	Krč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
křečanský	Křečan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
křečovský	Křečov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
křelovský	Křelov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kremelský	Kremel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
křetínský	Křetín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krevský	krev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krhovský	Krhov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krhútský	Krhút	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kříčeňský	Kříčeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
křimovský	Křimov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
křímovský	Křímov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krišský	Kriš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kristiánovský	Kristiánov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kritikářský	kritikář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
křivsoudovský	Křivsoudov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
křižanovský	Křižanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
křižanský	Křižan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
křížovský	Křížov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krmelínský	Krmelín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krnovský	Krnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krnský	Krn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kroječský	Kroječ	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kroměřížský	Kroměříž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kronbergský	Kronberg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kronštadtský	Kronštadt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krotónský	Krotón	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
křtěnovský	Křtěnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krtíšský	Krtíš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krumlovský	Krumlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krumsínský	Krumsín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krušnohorský	Krušnohor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kružský	kruž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krylovský	Krylov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
krymský	Krym	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kubáňský	Kubáň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kudlovský	Kudlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kujbyševský	Kujbyšev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kuklovský	Kuklov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kulečníkářský	kulečníkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kuličkářský	kuličkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kuličský	kulič	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kulikovský	Kulikov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kulisářský	kulisář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kuljabský	Kuljab	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kunínský	Kunín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kunovský	Kunov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kunštátský	Kunštát	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kunvaldský	Kunvald	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kuomintangský	Kuomintang	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kurdistánský	Kurdistán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kurdský	Kurd	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kuřimský	Kuřim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kurský	kur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský Z: Kursk
kuršský	Kurš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kušánský	Kušán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kutuzovský	Kutuzov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kuvajtský	Kuvajt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kuželářský	kuželář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kuželovský	Kuželov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kvarnerský	Kvarner	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
květenský	květen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kwantungský	Kwantung	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kyjevský	Kyjev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kyjovský	Kyjov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kyjský	kyj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kyklópský	Kyklóp	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kynžvartský	Kynžvart	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kyrgyzský	Kyrgyz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kyselinářský	kyselinář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kysibelský	Kysibel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kytarářský	kytarář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kytičkářský	kytičkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
kytínský	Kytín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lábský	Láb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lačnovský	Lačnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ladenský	Laden	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
láhaurský	Láhaur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lancasterský	Lancaster	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
langobardský	Langobard	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lánovský	Lánov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lanškrounský	Lanškroun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lánský	lán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský Z: Lány
lanžhotský	Lanžhot	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
láokoónský	Láokoón	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
laoský	Lao	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
laškovský	Laškov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lašský	Laš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lateránský	Laterán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
laudonovský	Laudonov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lázeňský	lázeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lázeňský	lázeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lážovský	Lážov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ledeburský	Ledebur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ledečský	Ledeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leicesterský	Leicester	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leidenský	Leiden	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leinsterský	Leinster	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lengyelský	Lengyel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leninabadský	Leninabad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leningradský	Leningrad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leninský	Lenin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leonský	Leon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leónský	León	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leopoldovský	Leopoldov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lešetínský	Lešetín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leskovský	Leskov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lestkovský	Lestkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
letkovský	Letkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
letovský	Letov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
letský	let	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leverkusenský	Leverkusen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
levínský	Levín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
levitský	Levit	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
leydenský	Leyden	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
libanonský	Libanon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
libáňský	Libáň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
liběchovský	Liběchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
libeňský	Libeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
libínský	Libín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
libišský	Libiš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
libkovský	Libkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
liblínský	Liblín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
libštátský	Libštát	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
libštejnský	Libštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
libuňský	Libuň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
liburnský	Liburn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
libušínský	Libušín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
libušský	Libuš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lichkovský	Lichkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lichnovský	Lichnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ligačovský	Ligačov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ligurský	Ligur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
líhňařský	líhňař	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
liliářský	liliář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lillehammerský	Lillehammer	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
limitářský	limitář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
limousinský	Limousin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
linhartský	Linhart	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
linkařský	linkař	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lionský	Lion	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
liptákovský	Liptákov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
liptálský	Liptál	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
liptaňský	Liptaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
liptovský	Liptov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lisabonský	Lisabon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lišovský	Lišov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
liteňský	Liteň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
litvínovský	Litvínov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
liverpoolský	Liverpool	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ljachovský	Ljachov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lobečský	Lobeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lobkowiczský	Lobkowicz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lochotínský	Lochotín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lodhéřovský	Lodhéřov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lodínský	Lodín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lodžský	Lodž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lokerenský	Lokeren	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
londýnský	Londýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lošovský	Lošov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lotyšský	Lotyš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
loučeňský	Loučeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
loučimský	Loučim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
loučský	louč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
loukovský	Loukov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lounský	Loun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lovaňský	Lovaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lovečský	Loveč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lovětínský	Lovětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lowellský	Lowell	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lubavičský	Lubavič	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lublaňský	Lublaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lublinský	Lublin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lučanský	Lučan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lucernský	Lucern	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ludmírovský	Ludmírov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ludvíkovský	Ludvíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
luhanský	Luhan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lukášovský	Lukášov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lukovský	Lukov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lulečský	Luleč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
luninský	Lunin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lusitánský	Lusitán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
luterský	Luter	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lutherský	Luther	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lutínský	Lutín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lutyňský	Lutyň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
luxorský	Luxor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lvovský	Lvov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lýdský	Lýd	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lynchovský	Lynchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
lyonský	Lyon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
machnínský	Machnín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
machovský	Machov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
macintoshský	Macintosh	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mačkářský	mačkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
macovský	Macov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
madagaskarský	Madagaskar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
maďarský	Maďar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
madisonský	Madison	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
madridský	Madrid	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
magadanský	Magadan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
maghrebský	Maghreb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
maglajský	Maglaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
maisúrský	Maisúr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
majetínský	Majetín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
majoritářský	majoritář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
makarský	Makar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
makartský	Makart	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
maketářský	maketář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
makovský	Makov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
malawiský	Malawi	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
malečovský	Malečov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
malešovský	Malešov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
maletínský	Maletín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
malgašský	Malgaš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
malínský	Malín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
maliský	Mali	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
málkovský	Málkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
maltský	Malt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
manchesterský	Manchester	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mandatářský	mandatář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mandingský	Manding	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mandžuský	Mandžu	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
manerovský	Manerov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
manětínský	Manětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
manhattanský	Manhattan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mannheimský	Mannheim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mannsfeldský	Mannsfeld	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mansfieldský	Mansfield	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mantovský	Mantov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
manyčský	Manyč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
marathonský	Marathon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mariánský	Marián	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mariborský	Maribor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
marionetářský	marionetář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mařížský	Maříž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
markomanský	Markoman	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
marokánský	Marokán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
marrákešský	Marrákeš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
marseilleský	Marseille	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
maršovský	Maršov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
marstonský	Marston	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
marťanský	Marťan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
martínkovský	Martínkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
martinovský	Martinov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
martský	Mart	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
marylandský	Maryland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
masajský	Masaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
masařský	masař	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
masečínský	Masečín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mašinkářský	mašinkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mašonský	Mašon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mašovský	Mašov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mašťovský	Mašťov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mataramský	Mataram	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
máteřovský	Máteřov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
matignonský	Matignon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
matýskářský	matýskář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
maurský	Maur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mauthausenský	Mauthausen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
maxovský	Maxov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mayflowerský	Mayflower	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mayský	May	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mazurský	Mazur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
měčínský	Měčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
meclovský	Meclov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
medellínský	Medellín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
medicejský	Medicej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
medlovský	Medlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
médský	Méd	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
medvědínský	medvědín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský Z: Medvědín
medveďovský	Medveďov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
medzibrodský	Medzibrod	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
melichovský	Melichov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
melkský	Melk	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
menšinářský	menšinář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
měřínský	Měřín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
merklínský	Merklín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mertenský	Merten	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mertonský	Merton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
metánovský	Metánov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
metlářský	metlář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
metodějský	Metoděj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
metský	Met	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mexikánský	Mexikán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
michalovský	Michalov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
michalský	Michal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
michelinský	Michelin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
michelský	Michel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
michiganský	Michigan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
microsoftský	Microsoft	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mičurinský	Mičurin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
midwayský	Midway	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mikovský	Mikov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mikulášovský	Mikulášov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mikulovský	Mikulov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
milánský	Milán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
milešovský	Milešov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
miletínský	Miletín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mílétský	Mílét	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
milevský	Milev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
milhostovský	Milhostov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
milíčovský	Milíčov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
milíkovský	Milíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
milínský	Milín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mingský	Ming	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
minský	min	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
miřkovský	Miřkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mironovský	Mironov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
miroslavský	Miroslav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mirošovský	Mirošov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
miškářský	miškář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
míšovský	Míšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mitrovský	Mitrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mizóský	Mizó	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mladečský	Mladeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mladějovský	Mladějov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mladkovský	Mladkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mnichovanský	Mnichovan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mnichovský	Mnichov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
moabitský	Moabit	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
moabský	Moab	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mochovský	Mochov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mochtínský	Mochtín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mogilevský	Mogilev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
moháčský	Moháč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mohučský	Mohuč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mojžířský	Mojžíř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mojžíšský	Mojžíš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
montereyský	Monterey	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
montrealský	Montreal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
montserratský	Montserrat	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mopedářský	mopedář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mordvinský	Mordvin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mořkovský	Mořkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
morzinský	Morzin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mošnovský	Mošnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mostarský	Mostar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mostovský	Mostov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mosulský	Mosul	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
motýlářský	motýlář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
moulinský	Moulin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mozarabský	Mozarab	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mračský	Mrač	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mrákotínský	Mrákotín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mrákovský	Mrákov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mramorářský	mramorář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mratínský	Mratín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mrklovský	Mrklov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mstišovský	Mstišov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
muchovský	Muchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mughalský	Mughal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
muglinovský	Muglinov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mukařovský	Mukařov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mukdenský	Mukden	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mulliganský	Mulligan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mundský	Mund	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
munsterský	Munster	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
münsterský	Münster	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
muráňský	Muráň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
muromský	Murom	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mürzstegský	Mürzsteg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mušovský	Mušov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mutěnínský	Mutěnín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mutkovský	Mutkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mužský	muž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
myanmarský	Myanmar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
mydlovarský	Mydlovar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
myslívský	Myslív	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
naardenský	Naarden	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nabobský	nabob	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
načeradský	Načerad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
načetínský	Načetín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nachičevanský	Nachičevan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
náchodský	Náchod	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nakléřovský	Nakléřov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nalžovský	Nalžov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
náměšťský	Náměšť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
namibský	Namib	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nankingský	Nanking	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
napierský	Napier	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
napoleonský	Napoleon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
narevský	Narev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nástavbářský	nástavbář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nástěnkářský	nástěnkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nauruský	Nauru	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nazaretský	Nazaret	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
názorářský	názorář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neapolitánský	Neapolitán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neapolský	Neapol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nedamovský	Nedamov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nedošínský	Nedošín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
negevský	Negev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nekmířský	Nekmíř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nekořský	Nekoř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
němčourský	Němčour	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nemojovský	Nemojov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nepálský	Nepál	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neptunský	Neptun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neratovský	Neratov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neředínský	Neředín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neronský	Neron	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nesvačilský	Nesvačil	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
netínský	Netín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neubuzský	Neubuz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neuhausenský	Neuhausen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neuillyský	Neuilly	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neumský	Neum	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neustupovský	Neustupov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neveklovský	Neveklov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
neznašovský	Neznašov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nigerský	Niger	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nijmegenský	Nijmegen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nikolajevský	Nikolajev	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nikopolský	Nikopol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nilský	Nil	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nippurský	Nippur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nitranský	Nitran	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
niueský	Niue	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nižborský	Nižbor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nogarský	Nogar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
norfolkský	Norfolk	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
norrlandský	Norrland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
norský	Nor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nosálovský	Nosálov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nosislavský	Nosislav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nottinghamský	Nottingham	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nouzovský	Nouzov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
novellský	Novell	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
novgorodský	Novgorod	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nunvářský	nunvář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nystadský	Nystad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
nýznerovský	Nýznerov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oaklandský	Oakland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
obejdský	Obejd	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oberhausenský	Oberhausen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oberstdorfský	Oberstdorf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oblomovský	Oblomov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
obodritský	Obodrit	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oborský	obor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
obský	Ob	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ochranovský	Ochranov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ochridský	Ochrid	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ochsenfurtský	Ochsenfurt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
octářský	octář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
odeonský	Odeon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
odolovský	Odolov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
odryský	Odry	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
odzemkářský	odzemkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
odžibvejský	Odžibvej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oguzský	Oguz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ohníčkářský	ohníčkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ohníčský	Ohníč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ohridský	Ohrid	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ojrotský	Ojrot	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
okenářský	okenář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
okořský	Okoř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
okrskářský	okrskář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
olbramovský	Olbramov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oldřichovský	Oldřichov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oldřišovský	Oldřišov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oldříšský	Oldříš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
olešovský	Olešov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
olešský	Oleš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
olivětínský	Olivětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
olovářský	olovář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
olštýnský	Olštýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
olympský	Olymp	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ománský	Omán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
omladinářský	omladinář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ondrášovský	Ondrášov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ondřejovský	Ondřejov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ondřejský	Ondřej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
onšovský	Onšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
opálkářský	opálkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
opatovský	Opatov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
opolanský	Opolan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
opský	op	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oráčovský	Oráčov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oráčský	oráč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
orchomenský	Orchomen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ordubadský	Ordubad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
orebský	Oreb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ořechovský	Ořechov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oregonský	Oregon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
orelský	orel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ořešínský	Ořešín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
orkneyský	Orkney	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
orlojářský	orlojář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
orlovský	Orlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
oselský	osel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
osetský	Oset	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
osmanský	Osman	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
osovský	Osov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ošský	Oš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ostašovský	Ostašov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ostřetínský	Ostřetín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ostřihomský	Ostřihom	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
osvětimský	Osvětim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
osvračínský	Osvračín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
otínský	Otín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
otročínský	Otročín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ötztalský	Ötztal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pačejovský	Pačejov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pacovský	Pacov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
padáčkářský	padáčkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
padařovský	Padařov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
paddingtonský	Paddington	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pádský	pád	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pakistánský	Pakistán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pákistánský	Pákistán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
palačinkářský	palačinkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
palačovský	Palačov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
palauský	Palau	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
paleničářský	paleničář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
paličkářský	paličkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pamírský	Pamír	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pánbíčkářský	pánbíčkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
paňdžábský	Paňdžáb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pappenheimský	Pappenheim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
paprskářský	paprskář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
papuánský	Papuán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
paraguayský	Paraguay	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pařížský	Paříž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
párkářský	párkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
parkinsonský	Parkinson	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
párský	pár	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
parthský	Parth	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
parvánský	Parván	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pasovský	Pasov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
paštikářský	paštikář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
paštunský	Paštun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
paštúnský	Paštún	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
patentářský	patentář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
patersonský	Paterson	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pavelský	Pavel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pavlíkovský	Pavlíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pavlovský	Pavlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pávovský	Pávov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pchjongjangský	Pchjongjang	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pearsonský	Pearson	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pécéčkářský	pécéčkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pecínovský	Pecínov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pěčínský	Pěčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pečivářský	pečivář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pecnářský	pecnář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pekařovský	Pekařov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pekingský	Peking	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
peléský	Pelé	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pelhřimovský	Pelhřimov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pěnčínský	Pěnčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pendrekářský	pendrekář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
perejaslavský	Perejaslav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pergamský	Pergam	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pernštejnský	Pernštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pernštýnský	Pernštýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
perštejnský	Perštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
perštýnský	Perštýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
perthský	Perth	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
peruánský	Peruán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
perunský	Perun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
péšávarský	Péšávar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pescarský	Pescar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pešťský	Pešť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
petříkovský	Petříkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
petřínský	Petřín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
petrkovský	Petrkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
petrský	Petr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
petřvaldský	Petřvald	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
phnompenhský	Phnompenh	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pičínský	Pičín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
piemontský	Piemont	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
piktský	Pikt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pilníkovský	Pilníkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pingpongářský	pingpongář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pirinský	Pirin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
piškvorkářský	piškvorkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
píšťalkářský	píšťalkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pištínský	Pištín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pistolářský	pistolář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pístovský	Pístov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pithartský	Pithart	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pitínský	Pitín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pittsburghský	Pittsburgh	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pittsburgský	Pittsburg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pivínský	Pivín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pjuský	Pju	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
plánský	plán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
plaský	Pla	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
platonský	Platon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
plavečský	Plaveč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
plavský	Plav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
plečkařský	plečkař	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
plhovský	Plhov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
plovdivský	Plovdiv	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
plumlovský	Plumlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
plymouthský	Plymouth	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
prácheňský	Prácheň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
přebuzský	Přebuz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
přehořovský	Přehořov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
přehýšovský	Přehýšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
přeloučský	Přelouč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
přemyslovský	Přemyslov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
přerovský	Přerov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
přestanovský	Přestanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
převýšovský	Převýšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
příborský	příbor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
příbramský	Příbram	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
přibyslavský	Přibyslav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
prijedorský	Prijedor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
princentonský	Princenton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
princetonský	Princeton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pripjaťský	Pripjať	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
přípravářský	přípravář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
přípravkářský	přípravkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
přítkovský	Přítkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
privalovský	Privalov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
prizrenský	Prizren	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
prümský	Prüm	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
prunéřovský	Prunéřov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
průšvihářský	průšvihář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
prýmkářský	prýmkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
psářský	psář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pskovský	Pskov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pšovský	Pšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
púchovský	Púchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pugwashský	Pugwash	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pulčínský	Pulčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
purmerendský	Purmerend	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pusanský	Pusan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
puškinský	Puškin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pustějovský	Pustějov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pustiměřský	Pustiměř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
putimský	Putim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
putykářský	putykář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pygmalionský	Pygmalion	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pygmaliónský	Pygmalión	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pygmejský	Pygmej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
pyrrhónský	Pyrrhón	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
queenslandský	Queensland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rabakovský	Rabakov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rabenštejnský	Rabenštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rábský	Ráb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rabštejnský	Rabštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
račanský	Račan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rachmaninovský	Rachmaninov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radechovský	Radechov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radějovský	Radějov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radenínský	Radenín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radešínský	Radešín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radhošťský	Radhošť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radíkovský	Radíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radiměřský	Radiměř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radomyšlský	Radomyšl	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radošinský	Radošin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radošínský	Radošín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radošovský	Radošov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radostínský	Radostín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
radotínský	Radotín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řádský	řád	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
raduňský	Raduň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rádžastánský	Rádžastán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rádžasthánský	Rádžasthán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
raetský	Raet	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rajchéřovský	Rajchéřov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rajhradský	Rajhrad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rájovský	Rájov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rakušanský	Rakušan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ramtronský	Ramtron	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rančířovský	Rančířov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rangúnský	Rangún	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rankovský	Rankov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rantířovský	Rantířov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rapotínský	Rapotín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rašelinářský	rašelinář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rašidovský	Rašidov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rašínovský	Rašínov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rastamanský	rastaman	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rastattský	Rastatt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ratbořský	Ratboř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ratibořský	Ratiboř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ratmírovský	Ratmírov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ravenský	Raven	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
receptářský	receptář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ředhošťský	Ředhošť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
redmondský	Redmond	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řehořovský	Řehořov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řehořský	Řehoř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rejštejnský	Rejštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rejvízský	Rejvíz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
remagenský	Remagen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rensselaerský	Rensselaer	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řepčínský	Řepčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řepečský	Řepeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řepínský	Řepín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řepovský	Řepov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řetízkářský	řetízkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rétorománský	Rétoromán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řevničovský	Řevničov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
říčanský	Říčan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
richmondský	Richmond	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řiditelský	řiditel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rijádský	Rijád	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rilkovský	Rilkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
římovský	Římov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
římský	Řím	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řípský	Říp	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
řivnáčský	Řivnáč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rixdorfský	Rixdorf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rjazaňský	Rjazaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
robečský	Robeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rochefortský	Rochefort	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rochesterský	Rochester	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rockfordský	Rockford	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ročovský	Ročov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rodinovský	Rodinov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rohanský	Rohan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
roklanský	Roklan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rokycanský	Rokycan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
romanovský	Romanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
romský	Rom	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ronovský	Ronov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rosendorfský	Rosendorf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rosenthalský	Rosenthal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rosničkářský	rosničkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
roštejnský	Roštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
roštínský	Roštín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rostovský	Rostov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
roštýnský	Roštýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rotterdamský	Rotterdam	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rouenský	Rouen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
roupovský	Roupov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rousínovský	Rousínov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rovinářský	rovinář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rozborářský	rozborář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rozdělovský	Rozdělov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rožnovský	Rožnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rozparovačský	rozparovač	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rozvadovský	Rozvadov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rozvojářský	rozvojář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rubikovský	Rubikov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rudíkovský	Rudíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ruhrský	Ruhr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rulandský	Ruland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rúmský	Rúm	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rumunský	Rumun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ruprechtovský	Ruprechtov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rurský	Rur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rusínský	Rusín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rüsselsheimský	Rüsselsheim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rváčovský	Rváčov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rychnovský	Rychnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rychtářovský	Rychtářov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rychvaldský	Rychvald	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rýmařovský	Rýmařov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
rýnský	Rýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
saarbrückenský	Saarbrücken	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
saarský	Saar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sabinovský	Sabinov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sachalinský	Sachalin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sadovský	Sadov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
saigonský	Saigon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šakský	Šak	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
salemský	Salem	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
salmovský	Salmov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šalomounský	Šalomoun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
salvadorský	Salvador	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
salvátorský	Salvátor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
samarkandský	Samarkand	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šamorínský	Šamorín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šanghajský	Šanghaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šanovský	Šanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šaolinský	Šaolin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
saracénský	Saracén	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
saratovský	Saratov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sardonský	Sardon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šarišský	Šariš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
saskatoonský	Saskatoon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sasský	Sas	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šaštínský	Šaštín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šatovský	Šatov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
saturnský	saturn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
saudský	Saud	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
saúdský	Saúd	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šaumjanský	Šaumjan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
savojský	Savoj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
savonský	Savon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sázečský	sázeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
schengenský	Schengen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
schönbornský	Schönborn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
schönbrunnský	Schönbrunn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
schönefeldský	Schönefeld	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
schönfeldský	Schönfeld	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
schořovský	Schořov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
schwarzwaldský	Schwarzwald	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
schwerinský	Schwerin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ščolkovský	Ščolkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
seattleský	Seattle	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sebastiánský	Sebastián	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šeberovský	Šeberov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šebestiánský	Šebestián	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šebetovský	Šebetov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sečuánský	Sečuán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sedloňovský	Sedloňov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
seefeldský	Seefeld	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
seelowský	Seelow	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
segedinský	Segedin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
segedínský	Segedín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
seinský	Sein	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
seistánský	Seistán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
selbský	Selb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
semanínský	Semanín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
semetínský	Semetín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
semtínský	Semtín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
senegalský	Senegal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sennárský	Sennár	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šenovský	Šenov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sepekovský	Sepekov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šeptouchovský	Šeptouchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sereďský	Sereď	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
setubalský	Setubal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
seulský	Seul	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sevastopolský	Sevastopol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ševcovský	Ševcov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ševětínský	Ševětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
shaolinský	Shaolin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sheffieldský	Sheffield	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sherwoodský	Sherwood	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
shireský	Shire	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
siamský	Siam	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
siciliánský	Sicilián	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sidonský	Sidon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
silvestrovský	Silvestrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
simenský	Simen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
simferopolský	Simferopol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
simscriptský	Simscript	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sinajský	Sinaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sindhský	Sindh	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
singapurský	Singapur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sinhalský	Sinhal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sionský	Sion	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
siónský	Sión	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
siouxský	Sioux	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šírázský	Šíráz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sístánský	Sístán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
skadarský	Skadar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
skalničkářský	skalničkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
skašovský	Skašov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
skeltonský	Skelton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
škipetarský	Škipetar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
škodovkářský	škodovkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
škotský	škot	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
skrbeňský	Skrbeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
skřečoňský	Skřečoň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
skřivaňský	Skřivaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
skuhrovský	Skuhrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
skutečský	Skuteč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
skytský	Skyt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šlapanovský	Šlapanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
slavětínský	Slavětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
slavičínský	Slavičín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
slavínský	Slavín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
slavjanský	Slavjan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
slavkovský	Slavkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
slavonínský	Slavonín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
slepičářský	slepičář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
slezský	slez	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sliačský	Sliač	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šlikovský	Šlikov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šluknovský	Šluknov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
smíchovský	Smíchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
smolenský	Smolen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
smržovský	Smržov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sóánský	Sóán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sobíňovský	Sobíňov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sobotínský	Sobotín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sokalský	Sokal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sokolečský	Sokoleč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
soláňský	Soláň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
solimánský	Solimán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
solingenský	Solingen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sollerský	Soller	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
solnohradský	Solnohrad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
solomonský	Solomon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
soluňský	Soluň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šonovský	Šonov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sorský	Sor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šošonský	Šošon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šostýnský	Šostýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
soudničkářský	soudničkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
soulský	soul	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
southamptonský	Southampton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
spálovský	Spálov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
spáňovský	Spáňov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
spartanský	Spartan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
spešovský	Spešov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
spessartský	Spessart	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
spišský	Spiš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
splavský	splav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
splitský	Split	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
spořilovský	Spořilov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
springfieldský	Springfield	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
srabařský	srabař	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
srbochorvatský	Srbochorvat	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
srbský	Srb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sremský	Srem	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šrínagarský	Šrínagar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stachanovský	Stachanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stalingradský	Stalingrad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stalinovský	Stalinov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stalinský	Stalin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stambulský	Stambul	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stamfordský	Stamford	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
staňkovský	Staňkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stařečský	Stařeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
starkočský	Starkoč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stašovský	Stašov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stašský	Staš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štaufský	Štauf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stavropolský	Stavropol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
steinheimský	Steinheim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štěkeňský	Štěkeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stěpanakertský	Stěpanakert	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štěpánovský	Štěpánov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štěpánský	Štěpán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stepfordský	Stepford	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štětínský	Štětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štětkařský	Štětkař	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štětský	štět	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štípský	štíp	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štiřínský	Štiřín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štítkovský	Štítkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štítský	štít	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
strachotínský	Strachotín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stračovský	Stračov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
strahovský	Strahov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
straňanský	Straňan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stránovský	Stránov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
strašínský	Strašín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
straškovský	Straškov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stratfordský	Stratford	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stravenkářský	stravenkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
strážovský	Strážov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
strážský	stráž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
střechovský	Střechov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
střekovský	Střekov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
střezimířský	Střezimíř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
střítežský	Střítež	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
střížkovský	Střížkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
strmilovský	Strmilov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
struhařovský	Struhařov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
strukovský	Strukov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stružský	Struž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
studenovský	Studenov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
studnářský	Studnář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
stuttgartský	Stuttgart	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
štýrský	Štýr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
suchdolský	Suchdol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
súdánský	Súdán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sudkovský	Sudkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
suebský	Sueb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
suezský	Suez	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
suffolkský	Suffolk	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sukovský	Sukov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sulajmánský	Sulajmán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sulkovský	Sulkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
súlovský	Súlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šumavanský	Šumavan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šumenský	Šumen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sumský	Sum	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šumvaldský	Šumvald	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sungský	Sung	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
šuranský	Šuran	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
suratský	Surat	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
surinamský	Surinam	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
surreyský	Surrey	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sussexský	Sussex	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
suzdalský	Suzdal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
svačinářský	svačinář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
svádovský	Svádov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
švarcvaldský	Švarcvald	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
svárovský	Svárov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
svatbínský	Svatbín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
svatský	svat	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
švédský	Švéd	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sverdlovský	Sverdlov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
švermovský	Švermov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
světnovský	Světnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sviadnovský	Sviadnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
švihovský	Švihov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
svinibrodský	Svinibrod	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
svinovský	Svinov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
svítkovský	Svítkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
svojanovský	Svojanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
svojetínský	Svojetín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
svojšínský	Svojšín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sychrovský	Sychrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sydneyský	Sydney	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
sylvánský	Sylván	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
syřenovský	Syřenov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
szatmárský	Szatmár	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tagalský	Tagal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
taganský	Tagan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tajanovský	Tajanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tajmyrský	Tajmyr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tajovský	Tajov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
talibanský	Taliban	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tálibánský	Tálibán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tálínský	Tálín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tallinnský	Tallinn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tallinský	Tallin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tambovský	Tambov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tamilský	Tamil	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tangerský	Tanger	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tangutský	Tangut	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tanvaldský	Tanvald	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tarentský	Tarent	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tarimský	Tarim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tarnopolský	Tarnopol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tarnovský	Tarnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tartuský	Tartu	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
taškentský	Taškent	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tasovský	Tasov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tašovský	Tašov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tatarstánský	Tatarstán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tatranský	Tatran	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tattertonský	Tatterton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tauernský	Tauern	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tchaj-pejský	Tchaj-pej	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tchajwanský	Tchajwan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tchangský	Tchang	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
těchanovský	Těchanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
těchonínský	Těchonín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
těchovský	Těchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tedžonský	Tedžon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
teheránský	Teherán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
teigovský	Teigov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
telčský	Telč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
temelínský	Temelín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
temešvárský	Temešvár	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tempelhofský	Tempelhof	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
teplanský	Teplan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
terespolský	Terespol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
terezínský	Terezín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
terronský	Terron	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
terstský	Terst	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
těšíkovský	Těšíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
těšínský	Těšín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
těšnovský	Těšnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tessinský	Tessin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
těstovinářský	těstovinář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tetínský	Tetín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
teutonský	Teuton	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
thunský	Thun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tiencinský	Tiencin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tienský	Tien	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
timanský	Timan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
timorský	Timor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tiraspolský	Tiraspol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tirolský	Tirol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tironský	Tiron	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tíryntský	Tírynt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tišinský	Tišin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tišnovský	Tišnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tisovský	Tisov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
titogradský	Titograd	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
titovský	Titov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tloskovský	Tloskov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tlumačovský	Tlumačov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tmaňský	Tmaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tmáňský	Tmáň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tobolský	Tobol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tocovský	Tocov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tokajský	Tokaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tolštejnský	Tolštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tomarský	Tomar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tomášovský	Tomášov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tomášský	Tomáš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tomský	Tom	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tonkinský	Tonkin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
toruňský	Toruň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tótský	Tót	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
toulonský	Toulon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
toušeňský	Toušeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
touškovský	Touškov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
toužimský	Toužim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tovačovský	Tovačov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trafalgarský	Trafalgar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tramvajářský	tramvajář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trapezuntský	Trapezunt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trávníkářský	trávníkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trčkovský	Trčkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třebaňský	Třebaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třebařovský	Třebařov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třebeňský	Třebeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třebešský	Třebeš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třebětínský	Třebětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třebíčský	Třebíč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trebišovský	Trebišov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třebízský	Třebíz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třeboňský	Třeboň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třebotovský	Třebotov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třebouňský	Třebouň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třebušínský	Třebušín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třemšínský	Třemšín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trenčanský	Trenčan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trenčínský	Trenčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trentinský	Trentin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trentský	Trent	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
třešťský	Třešť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
treťjakovský	Treťjakov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trevírský	Trevír	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trhanovský	Trhanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trnovský	Trnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trobriandský	Trobriand	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trocnovský	Trocnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trogirský	Trogir	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trollhättanský	Trollhättan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trondheimský	Trondheim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
troyský	Troy	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trpínský	Trpín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trpišovský	Trpišov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trubínský	Trubín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
trutnovský	Trutnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tuaregský	Tuareg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tübingenský	Tübingen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tuchorazský	Tuchoraz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tucsonský	Tucson	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tuhaňský	Tuhaň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tullnský	Tulln	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tulský	tul	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ťumeňský	Ťumeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tungský	tung	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tunguzský	Tunguz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
turanský	Turan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
turčanský	Turčan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
turinský	Turin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
turínský	Turín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
turkestánský	Turkestán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
turkitský	Turkit	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
turkmenský	Turkmen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
turkomongolský	Turkomongol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
turnovský	Turnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
turovský	Turov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tuvinský	Tuvin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tvarohářský	tvarohář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tvarůžkářský	tvarůžkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tverský	Tver	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tymákovský	Tymákov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tyňanovský	Tyňanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
týnský	týn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
tyrský	Tyr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
týrský	Týr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
udmurtský	Udmurt	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
údrčský	Údrč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ugaritský	Ugarit	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ugrofinský	Ugrofin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
uherský	uher	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ujgurský	Ujgur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ulánbátarský	Ulánbátar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
uličský	Ulič	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
uljanovský	Uljanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ulmský	Ulm	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ulsterský	Ulster	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
únanovský	Únanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
unčínský	Unčín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
úněšovský	Úněšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
unhošťský	Unhošť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
uralský	Ural	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
urgermánský	Urgermán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
uriášský	Uriáš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
urský	Ur	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
uruguayský	Uruguay	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
úsovský	Úsov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ústrašínský	Ústrašín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
útěchovský	Útěchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
útěkářský	útěkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
utrechtský	Utrecht	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
uttendorfský	Uttendorf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
úvalský	úval	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
uzbekistánský	Uzbekistán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
uzgenský	Uzgen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
užhorodský	Užhorod	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
václavovský	Václavov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
václavský	Václav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vacovský	Vacov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vajgarský	Vajgar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vajíčkářský	vajíčkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valaský	Vala	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valchovský	Valchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valdajský	Valdaj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valdenský	Valden	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valdštejnský	Valdštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valdštýnský	Valdštýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valečovský	Valečov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valečský	Valeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valenciánský	Valencián	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valencienský	Valencien	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valenský	Valen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valentiniánský	Valentinián	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valentinský	Valentin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valentýnský	Valentýn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valeriánský	Valerián	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valladolidský	Valladolid	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valský	val	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
valtířovský	Valtířov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vaňovský	Vaňov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
varadínský	Varadín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vardarský	Vardar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
varnsdorfský	Varnsdorf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
varvažovský	Varvažov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vasvárský	Vasvár	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vaterský	Vater	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vatikánský	Vatikán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
včelákovský	Včelákov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
veenendaalský	Veenendaal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vendský	Vend	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
venušanský	Venušan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
veporský	Vepor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
veracruzský	Veracruz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
verdunský	Verdun	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vermontský	Vermont	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vernéřovský	Vernéřov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
věšínský	Věšín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vesuvský	Vesuv	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
věteřovský	Věteřov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vichyský	Vichy	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vícovský	Vícov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vídeňský	Vídeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vihorlatský	Vihorlat	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vikingský	Viking	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
viklefský	Viklef	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vildštejnský	Vildštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vilémovský	Vilémov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
viljujský	Viljuj	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vilkinský	Vilkin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
villonský	Villon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vintířovský	Vintířov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vírský	vír	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
višegradský	Višegrad	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
visegrádský	Visegrád	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vítanovský	Vítanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vítkovský	Vítkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vítochovský	Vítochov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vitorazský	Vitoraz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vitošovský	Vitošov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vítský	Vít	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vizigótský	Vizigót	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vlachovský	Vlachov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vladikavkazský	Vladikavkaz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vladimirský	Vladimir	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vlámský	Vlám	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vlašimský	Vlašim	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vlčkovský	Vlčkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vlčnovský	Vlčnov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vlhošťský	Vlhošť	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vlkošský	Vlkoš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vlkovský	Vlkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vlkýšský	Vlkýš	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vogtlandský	Vogtland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vojanský	Vojan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vojenský	Vojen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vojtanovský	Vojtanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vojtěchovský	Vojtěchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
volanovský	Volanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
volgogradský	Volgograd	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
volyňský	Volyň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vondrovský	Vondrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vontský	Vont	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vorarlbergský	Vorarlberg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
voroněžský	Voroněž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vrábelský	Vrábel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vraclavský	Vraclav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vracovský	Vracov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vranovský	Vranov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vratěnínský	Vratěnín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vratimovský	Vratimov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vražkovský	Vražkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vrážský	Vráž	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vrčeňský	Vrčeň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vrhavečský	Vrhaveč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vsetínský	Vsetín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vučedolský	Vučedol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vukovarský	Vukovar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
výmarský	Výmar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
výrovský	Výrov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vyskeřský	Vyskeř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
vyškovský	Vyškov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
waldorfský	Waldorf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
waldsassenský	Waldsassen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
waldsteinský	Waldstein	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wallenrodský	Wallenrod	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wallstreetský	Wallstreet	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
walworthský	Walworth	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
waterlooský	Waterloo	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wawelský	Wawel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
weidenský	Weiden	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
weigsdorfský	Weigsdorf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wellandský	Welland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wellingtonský	Wellington	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
werderský	Werder	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wessexský	Wessex	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
westendský	Westend	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
westfálský	Westfál	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
westminsterský	Westminster	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
whitehallský	Whitehall	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wicklowský	Wicklow	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wiesbadenský	Wiesbaden	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wimbledonský	Wimbledon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
windischský	Windisch	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
windsorský	Windsor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wisconsinský	Wisconsin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wolfsburgský	Wolfsburg	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wolkersdorfský	Wolkersdorf	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
woodský	Wood	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wrexhamský	Wrexham	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wroclavský	Wroclav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wroclawský	Wroclaw	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
wuppertalský	Wuppertal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
xaverovský	Xaverov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
xaverský	Xaver	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
yaleský	Yale	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
yankeeský	Yankee	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
yucatánský	Yucatán	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
yukonský	Yukon	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
yunnanský	Yunnan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žacléřský	Žacléř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
záhřebský	Záhřeb	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zálužanský	Zálužan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zámělíčský	Zámělíč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zámělský	Záměl	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žandovský	Žandov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zátoňský	Zátoň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zátorský	Zátor	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
závišinský	Závišin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
závišínský	Závišín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zborovský	Zborov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zbraslavský	Zbraslav	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zbrašovský	Zbrašov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zbýšovský	Zbýšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zdabořský	Zdaboř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
ždanovský	Ždanov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žďárský	Žďár	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zděchovský	Zděchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zdelovský	Zdelov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zderazský	Zderaz	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zdětínský	Zdětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zdíkovský	Zdíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zdoňovský	Zdoňov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žebětínský	Žebětín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žehuňský	Žehuň	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zélandský	Zéland	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
želečský	Želeč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zelenečský	Zeleneč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zelenkovský	Zelenkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
želivský	Želiv	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
želský	žel	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zemplínský	Zemplín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zemský	zem	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zeppelinský	Zeppelin	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zeravšanský	Zeravšan	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žerotínský	Žerotín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zhořský	Zhoř	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žiarský	Žiar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zikmundovský	Zikmundov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zillertalský	Zillertal	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žirečský	Žireč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žíšovský	Žíšov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žitomirský	Žitomir	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
živočichářský	živočichář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zlatarský	Zlatar	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zlechovský	Zlechov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zlíchovský	Zlíchov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zličínský	Zličín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zličský	Zlič	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zlínský	Zlín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zlivský	Zliv	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žloutenkářský	žloutenkář	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zmijský	Zmij	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
žofínský	Žofín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zručský	Zruč	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zuávský	Zuáv	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zuberský	Zuber	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zubštejnský	Zubštejn	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zugský	Zug	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zuluský	Zulu	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zvěrský	zvěr	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zvičínský	Zvičín	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zvíkovský	Zvíkov	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zvolenský	Zvolen	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
zvolský	Zvol	CHANGE: 0 --> ský
abecedářský	abeceda	CHANGE: a --> ářský
agonářský	agona	CHANGE: a --> ářský
andulkářský	andulka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
autodrožkářský	autodrožka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
bobulářský	Bobula	CHANGE: a --> ářský
brzdářský	brzda	CHANGE: a --> ářský
bublinkářský	bublinka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
cigaretářský	cigareta	CHANGE: a --> ářský
cikorkářský	cikorka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
čistotářský	čistota	CHANGE: a --> ářský
cukrovinářský	cukrovina	CHANGE: a --> ářský
desátkářský	desátka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
děvenkářský	děvenka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
dezertářský	dezerta	CHANGE: a --> ářský
domečkářský	Domečka	CHANGE: a --> ářský Z: domečkář
drezinářský	drezina	CHANGE: a --> ářský
elektrářský	Elektra	CHANGE: a --> ářský
evropářský	Evropa	CHANGE: a --> ářský
fabrikářský	fabrika	CHANGE: a --> ářský
flaškářský	flaška	CHANGE: a --> ářský
frčkářský	frčka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
galerkářský	galerka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
hanspaulkářský	Hanspaulka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
hladinářský	hladina	CHANGE: a --> ářský
hmotářský	hmota	CHANGE: a --> ářský
jiřinkářský	jiřinka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
kapotářský	kapota	CHANGE: a --> ářský
kartounkářský	kartounka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
kastářský	kasta	CHANGE: a --> ářský
klevetářský	kleveta	CHANGE: a --> ářský
kobylářský	kobyla	CHANGE: a --> ářský
kočářský	Koča	CHANGE: a --> ářský
komunitářský	komunita	CHANGE: a --> ářský
konopářský	Konopa	CHANGE: a --> ářský
konopkářský	konopka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
kotlinářský	kotlina	CHANGE: a --> ářský
kotvářský	kotva	CHANGE: a --> ářský
kouličkářský	koulička	CHANGE: a --> ářský
kožišinářský	kožišina	CHANGE: a --> ářský
kravičkářský	kravička	CHANGE: a --> ářský
kšiltovkářský	kšiltovka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
lavinářský	lavina	CHANGE: a --> ářský
loutnářský	loutna	CHANGE: a --> ářský
lupenkářský	lupenka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
maltářský	malta	CHANGE: a --> ářský
matičkářský	matička	CHANGE: a --> ářský
mažoretkářský	mažoretka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
meruňkářský	meruňka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
metodikářský	metodika	CHANGE: a --> ářský
minerálkářský	minerálka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
moralitářský	moralita	CHANGE: a --> ářský
mucholapkářský	mucholapka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
mzdářský	mzda	CHANGE: a --> ářský
naftářský	nafta	CHANGE: a --> ářský
nášivkářský	nášivka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
novářský	nova	CHANGE: a --> ářský
ohňovkářský	ohňovka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
okurkářský	okurka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
olivářský	oliva	CHANGE: a --> ářský
oplatkářský	oplatka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
osevářský	Oseva	CHANGE: a --> ářský
pálenkářský	pálenka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
paletářský	paleta	CHANGE: a --> ářský
paprikářský	paprika	CHANGE: a --> ářský
parcelářský	parcela	CHANGE: a --> ářský
pícninářský	pícnina	CHANGE: a --> ářský
pilulkářský	pilulka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
pivoňkářský	pivoňka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
přehradářský	přehrada	CHANGE: a --> ářský
překližkářský	překližka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
přesmyčkářský	přesmyčka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
raketářský	raketa	CHANGE: a --> ářský
rakvičkářský	rakvička	CHANGE: a --> ářský
reklamářský	reklama	CHANGE: a --> ářský
revoltářský	revolta	CHANGE: a --> ářský
rodinkářský	rodinka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
rybičkářský	rybička	CHANGE: a --> ářský
sázenkářský	sázenka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
sušenkářský	sušenka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
tajenkářský	tajenka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
travinářský	travina	CHANGE: a --> ářský
trhavinářský	trhavina	CHANGE: a --> ářský
umělůstkářský	umělůstka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
uzdářský	uzda	CHANGE: a --> ářský
vrchnostářský	vrchnosta	CHANGE: a --> ářský
záclonářský	záclona	CHANGE: a --> ářský
zápalkářský	zápalka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
žárovkářský	žárovka	CHANGE: a --> ářský
závlahářský	závlaha	CHANGE: a --> ářský
abbovský	Abba	CHANGE: a --> ovský
amigovský	Amiga	CHANGE: a --> ovský
baletkovský	baletka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
baťkovský	Baťka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
blahynkovský	Blahynka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
bouškovský	Bouška	CHANGE: a --> ovský
bratinkovský	Bratinka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
brdečkovský	brdečka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
bredovský	Breda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
březinovský	březina	CHANGE: a --> ovský
bubnovský	Bubna	CHANGE: a --> ovský
burdovský	Burda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
čalfovský	Čalfa	CHANGE: a --> ovský
caligulovský	Caligula	CHANGE: a --> ovský
čehonovský	Čehona	CHANGE: a --> ovský
červenkovský	červenka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
cetkovský	cetka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
cháridžovský	cháridža	CHANGE: a --> ovský
chůvičkovský	chůvička	CHANGE: a --> ovský
cibulkovský	cibulka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
cibulovský	Cibula	CHANGE: a --> ovský
čuňovský	čuňa	CHANGE: a --> ovský
derridovský	Derrida	CHANGE: a --> ovský
devítkovský	devítka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
dharmovský	dharma	CHANGE: a --> ovský
doroteovský	Dorotea	CHANGE: a --> ovský
drákulovský	Drákula	CHANGE: a --> ovský
drdovský	Drda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
dušovský	Duša	CHANGE: a --> ovský
fátimovský	Fátima	CHANGE: a --> ovský
fullovský	Fulla	CHANGE: a --> ovský
gádžovský	gádža	CHANGE: a --> ovský
gajdovský	Gajda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
galileovský	Galilea	CHANGE: a --> ovský
gallupovský	Gallupa	CHANGE: a --> ovský
gerovský	Gera	CHANGE: a --> ovský
ghaznovský	Ghazna	CHANGE: a --> ovský
guptovský	Gupta	CHANGE: a --> ovský
háchovský	Hácha	CHANGE: a --> ovský
halamovský	halama	CHANGE: a --> ovský
hlinkovský	hlinka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
homolkovský	homolka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
hrabětovský	Hraběta	CHANGE: a --> ovský
hrozovský	Hroza	CHANGE: a --> ovský
jamkovský	jamka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
jandovský	Janda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
janečkovský	Janečka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
jedličkovský	jedlička	CHANGE: a --> ovský
kachyňovský	Kachyňa	CHANGE: a --> ovský
kačkovský	kačka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
kalendovský	Kalenda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
kalvodovský	Kalvoda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
klicperovský	Klicpera	CHANGE: a --> ovský
kozinovský	kozina	CHANGE: a --> ovský
krajkovský	krajka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
krejčovský	Krejča	CHANGE: a --> ovský
kroupovský	kroupa	CHANGE: a --> ovský
kršnovský	Kršna	CHANGE: a --> ovský
kuběnovský	kuběna	CHANGE: a --> ovský
kudrnovský	kudrna	CHANGE: a --> ovský
kunderovský	Kundera	CHANGE: a --> ovský
lacinovský	Lacina	CHANGE: a --> ovský
lapkovský	lapka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
lebedovský	lebeda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
lipkovský	lipka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
lokálkovský	lokálka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
lopatkovský	lopatka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
májovský	Mája	CHANGE: a --> ovský Z: Máj
máničkovský	mánička	CHANGE: a --> ovský
maradonovský	Maradona	CHANGE: a --> ovský
měchurovský	Měchura	CHANGE: a --> ovský
medeovský	Medea	CHANGE: a --> ovský
michnovský	Michna	CHANGE: a --> ovský
moravankovský	Moravanka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
nerudovský	neruda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
novelovský	novela	CHANGE: a --> ovský
novelovský	novela	CHANGE: a --> ovský
obamovský	Obama	CHANGE: a --> ovský
odysseovský	odyssea	CHANGE: a --> ovský
okudžavovský	Okudžava	CHANGE: a --> ovský
olovský	Ola	CHANGE: a --> ovský
ortegovský	Ortega	CHANGE: a --> ovský
paskovský	Paska	CHANGE: a --> ovský
páskovský	páska	CHANGE: a --> ovský
pecinovský	Pecina	CHANGE: a --> ovský
peterkovský	Peterka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
piťhovský	Piťha	CHANGE: a --> ovský
pivoňkovský	pivoňka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
říhovský	Říha	CHANGE: a --> ovský
rodinkovský	rodinka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
rojkovský	Rojka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
rusalkovský	rusalka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
ryvolovský	Ryvola	CHANGE: a --> ovský
šaldovský	Šalda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
saussurovský	Saussura	CHANGE: a --> ovský
senekovský	Seneka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
sestrovský	sestra	CHANGE: a --> ovský
šimkovský	Šimka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
šímovský	Šíma	CHANGE: a --> ovský
sinatrovský	Sinatra	CHANGE: a --> ovský
skálovský	skála	CHANGE: a --> ovský
skupovský	Skupa	CHANGE: a --> ovský
slepičkovský	slepička	CHANGE: a --> ovský
sobotovský	sobota	CHANGE: a --> ovský Z: Sobota
sosnovský	sosna	CHANGE: a --> ovský
sovovský	sova	CHANGE: a --> ovský
špidlovský	Špidla	CHANGE: a --> ovský
spinozovský	Spinoza	CHANGE: a --> ovský
štikovský	štika	CHANGE: a --> ovský
štolbovský	štolba	CHANGE: a --> ovský
štrpkovský	Štrpka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
štursovský	Štursa	CHANGE: a --> ovský
švehlovský	Švehla	CHANGE: a --> ovský
švejdovský	Švejda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
svobodovský	svoboda	CHANGE: a --> ovský Z: Svoboda
talovský	tala	CHANGE: a --> ovský
tatarkovský	tatarka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
tátovský	táta	CHANGE: a --> ovský
tekovský	Teka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
tomkovský	tomka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
travoltovský	Travolta	CHANGE: a --> ovský
trnkovský	trnka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
ustašovský	Ustaša	CHANGE: a --> ovský
válkovský	válka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
vášovský	Váša	CHANGE: a --> ovský
vedrovský	Vedra	CHANGE: a --> ovský
vernovský	Verna	CHANGE: a --> ovský
vévodovský	vévoda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
vignolovský	Vignola	CHANGE: a --> ovský
vínovský	Vína	CHANGE: a --> ovský
vopěnkovský	Vopěnka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
votrubovský	Votruba	CHANGE: a --> ovský
vratkovský	vratka	CHANGE: a --> ovský
vraždovský	vražda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
vrbatovský	Vrbata	CHANGE: a --> ovský
vrtbovský	vrtba	CHANGE: a --> ovský
wajdovský	Wajda	CHANGE: a --> ovský
žábovský	žába	CHANGE: a --> ovský
zolovský	Zola	CHANGE: a --> ovský
adanský	Adana	CHANGE: a --> ský
ájurvédský	ájurvéda	CHANGE: a --> ský
akabský	Akaba	CHANGE: a --> ský
alávitský	Alávita	CHANGE: a --> ský
albertinský	Albertina	CHANGE: a --> ský
albertský	Alberta	CHANGE: a --> ský
alcantarský	Alcantara	CHANGE: a --> ský
almohadský	Almohada	CHANGE: a --> ský
amarnský	Amarna	CHANGE: a --> ský
arequipský	Arequipa	CHANGE: a --> ský
arkánský	arkána	CHANGE: a --> ský
ašikagský	Ašikaga	CHANGE: a --> ský
atellánský	atellána	CHANGE: a --> ský
athénský	Athéna	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Atény
avestský	Avesta	CHANGE: a --> ský
avilský	Avila	CHANGE: a --> ský
bábitský	bábita	CHANGE: a --> ský
barmský	barma	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Barma
bastilský	Bastila	CHANGE: a --> ský
bijeljinský	Bijeljina	CHANGE: a --> ský
birgittský	Birgitta	CHANGE: a --> ský
blatský	blata	CHANGE: a --> ský
blučinský	Blučina	CHANGE: a --> ský
bobravský	Bobrava	CHANGE: a --> ský
bohuslavský	Bohuslava	CHANGE: a --> ský
borovinský	borovina	CHANGE: a --> ský
božidarský	Božidara	CHANGE: a --> ský
bredský	Breda	CHANGE: a --> ský
březinský	březina	CHANGE: a --> ský
brzezinský	Brzezina	CHANGE: a --> ský
bublavský	Bublava	CHANGE: a --> ský
?budovský	budova	CHANGE: a --> ský
budský	Buda	CHANGE: a --> ský
bukovinský	bukovina	CHANGE: a --> ský
burmský	Burma	CHANGE: a --> ský
casanovský	Casanova	CHANGE: a --> ský
čehonský	Čehona	CHANGE: a --> ský
černavský	černava	CHANGE: a --> ský
češtinský	čeština	CHANGE: a --> ský
chaberský	Chabera	CHANGE: a --> ský
chalífský	chalífa	CHANGE: a --> ský
chivský	Chiva	CHANGE: a --> ský
churritský	Churrita	CHANGE: a --> ský
chyňavský	Chyňava	CHANGE: a --> ský
čičinský	čičina	CHANGE: a --> ský
cigájský	cigája	CHANGE: a --> ský
čištíjský	Čištíja	CHANGE: a --> ský
córdobský	córdoba	CHANGE: a --> ský
craiovský	Craiova	CHANGE: a --> ský
dakotský	dakota	CHANGE: a --> ský
damiettský	Damietta	CHANGE: a --> ský
dardský	darda	CHANGE: a --> ský
daugavský	Daugava	CHANGE: a --> ský
desavský	Desava	CHANGE: a --> ský
dessavský	Dessava	CHANGE: a --> ský
dinarský	Dinara	CHANGE: a --> ský
divinský	Divina	CHANGE: a --> ský
djakartský	Djakarta	CHANGE: a --> ský
dolinský	dolina	CHANGE: a --> ský
doubravský	doubrava	CHANGE: a --> ský
doubský	Douba	CHANGE: a --> ský
drávský	Dráva	CHANGE: a --> ský
dubinský	dubina	CHANGE: a --> ský
dvinský	Dvina	CHANGE: a --> ský
dýšinský	Dýšina	CHANGE: a --> ský
džavský	Džava	CHANGE: a --> ský
eleatský	eleata	CHANGE: a --> ský
elejský	Eleja	CHANGE: a --> ský
eleusínský	Eleusína	CHANGE: a --> ský
elidský	Elida	CHANGE: a --> ský
élidský	Élida	CHANGE: a --> ský
fallúdžský	Fallúdža	CHANGE: a --> ský
famagustský	Famagusta	CHANGE: a --> ský
farský	fara	CHANGE: a --> ský
fašodský	Fašoda	CHANGE: a --> ský
fatimský	Fatima	CHANGE: a --> ský
ferganský	Fergana	CHANGE: a --> ský
ferrarský	Ferrara	CHANGE: a --> ský
flanderský	Flandera	CHANGE: a --> ský
florenský	Florena	CHANGE: a --> ský
folmavský	Folmava	CHANGE: a --> ský
fthíjský	Fthíja	CHANGE: a --> ský
fundžský	Fundža	CHANGE: a --> ský
gemonský	Gemona	CHANGE: a --> ský
gomorský	Gomora	CHANGE: a --> ský
gorgonský	Gorgona	CHANGE: a --> ský
gotský	Gota	CHANGE: a --> ský
gudautský	Gudauta	CHANGE: a --> ský
guyanský	Guyana	CHANGE: a --> ský
hajský	Haja	CHANGE: a --> ský
hamarský	Hamara	CHANGE: a --> ský
hamitský	hamita	CHANGE: a --> ský
hanafíjský	Hanafíja	CHANGE: a --> ský
havanský	havana	CHANGE: a --> ský
hawárský	Hawára	CHANGE: a --> ský
hazárský	Hazára	CHANGE: a --> ský
heladský	helada	CHANGE: a --> ský
helský	Hela	CHANGE: a --> ský
hercegovinský	Hercegovina	CHANGE: a --> ský
hispaniolský	Hispaniola	CHANGE: a --> ský
horský	hora	CHANGE: a --> ský
hostinský	hostina	CHANGE: a --> ský
hrčavský	Hrčava	CHANGE: a --> ský
ikonský	ikona	CHANGE: a --> ský
ilavský	Ilava	CHANGE: a --> ský
izapský	Izapa	CHANGE: a --> ský
jaderský	Jadera	CHANGE: a --> ský
jakartský	Jakarta	CHANGE: a --> ský
jansenitský	jansenita	CHANGE: a --> ský
jaroslavský	Jaroslava	CHANGE: a --> ský
javořinský	javořina	CHANGE: a --> ský
jávský	Jáva	CHANGE: a --> ský
jelšavský	Jelšava	CHANGE: a --> ský
jogjakartský	Jogjakarta	CHANGE: a --> ský
josefínský	Josefína	CHANGE: a --> ský
jozefínský	Jozefína	CHANGE: a --> ský
kalkutský	Kalkuta	CHANGE: a --> ský
kamakurský	Kamakura	CHANGE: a --> ský
kandalakšský	Kandalakša	CHANGE: a --> ský
kantýnský	kantýna	CHANGE: a --> ský
karaimský	Karaima	CHANGE: a --> ský
karolinský	karolina	CHANGE: a --> ský
karvínský	Karvína	CHANGE: a --> ský
kašavský	Kašava	CHANGE: a --> ský
kašubský	Kašuba	CHANGE: a --> ský
kateřinský	Kateřina	CHANGE: a --> ský
katynský	Katyna	CHANGE: a --> ský
keňský	keňa	CHANGE: a --> ský
kéralský	Kérala	CHANGE: a --> ský
kermský	Kerma	CHANGE: a --> ský
klabavský	Klabava	CHANGE: a --> ský
klementinský	Klementina	CHANGE: a --> ský
kolambský	Kolamba	CHANGE: a --> ský
kolchidský	Kolchida	CHANGE: a --> ský
koločavský	Koločava	CHANGE: a --> ský
komodský	komoda	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Komodo
komorský	komora	CHANGE: a --> ský
končinský	končina	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Končiny
korčulský	Korčula	CHANGE: a --> ský
kosinský	Kosina	CHANGE: a --> ský
koželský	Kožela	CHANGE: a --> ský
křivský	Křiva	CHANGE: a --> ský
krounský	Krouna	CHANGE: a --> ský
krupský	Krupa	CHANGE: a --> ský
kuchyňský	Kuchyňa	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: kuchyně
kulmský	kulma	CHANGE: a --> ský
kumberský	Kumbera	CHANGE: a --> ský
kyrenský	Kyrena	CHANGE: a --> ský
kyselský	Kysela	CHANGE: a --> ský
lačinský	Lačina	CHANGE: a --> ský
lakotský	lakota	CHANGE: a --> ský
lalibelský	Lalibela	CHANGE: a --> ský
lavský	Lava	CHANGE: a --> ský
lenorský	lenora	CHANGE: a --> ský
leunský	Leuna	CHANGE: a --> ský
libchavský	Libchava	CHANGE: a --> ský
libinský	Libina	CHANGE: a --> ský
libský	Liba	CHANGE: a --> ský
lietavský	Lietava	CHANGE: a --> ský
likavský	Likava	CHANGE: a --> ský
limský	Lima	CHANGE: a --> ský
lindavský	Lindava	CHANGE: a --> ský
lipinský	Lipina	CHANGE: a --> ský
ljubljanský	Ljubljana	CHANGE: a --> ský
loirský	Loira	CHANGE: a --> ský
loretský	loreta	CHANGE: a --> ský
lubinský	Lubina	CHANGE: a --> ský
ludmilský	Ludmila	CHANGE: a --> ský
lukavský	Lukava	CHANGE: a --> ský
lysinský	lysina	CHANGE: a --> ský
madurský	Madura	CHANGE: a --> ský
magdalský	Magdala	CHANGE: a --> ský
magentský	magenta	CHANGE: a --> ský
mahájánský	mahájána	CHANGE: a --> ský
majdalenský	Majdalena	CHANGE: a --> ský
majnský	majna	CHANGE: a --> ský
makytský	Makyta	CHANGE: a --> ský
manilský	manila	CHANGE: a --> ský
masadský	Masada	CHANGE: a --> ský
medicínský	medicína	CHANGE: a --> ský
medinský	medina	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Medina
mekkský	Mekka	CHANGE: a --> ský
melchitský	melchita	CHANGE: a --> ský
mildenavský	Mildenava	CHANGE: a --> ský
modistský	modista	CHANGE: a --> ský
mořinský	Mořina	CHANGE: a --> ský
mozabitský	Mozabita	CHANGE: a --> ský
naganský	nagana	CHANGE: a --> ský
nagoyský	Nagoya	CHANGE: a --> ský
napatský	Napata	CHANGE: a --> ský
narský	Nara	CHANGE: a --> ský
navarský	Navara	CHANGE: a --> ský
níkajský	Níkaja	CHANGE: a --> ský
nikájský	Nikája	CHANGE: a --> ský
nirvánský	nirvána	CHANGE: a --> ský
novelský	novela	CHANGE: a --> ský
očamčirský	Očamčira	CHANGE: a --> ský
okenský	okena	CHANGE: a --> ský
olšavský	Olšava	CHANGE: a --> ský
omský	Oma	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Omsk
ondavský	Ondava	CHANGE: a --> ský
orebitský	orebita	CHANGE: a --> ský
oslavský	oslava	CHANGE: a --> ský
otavský	otava	CHANGE: a --> ský
palestinský	palestina	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Palestina
pallavský	Pallava	CHANGE: a --> ský
palmyrský	Palmyra	CHANGE: a --> ský
pamplonský	Pamplona	CHANGE: a --> ský
pampský	pampa	CHANGE: a --> ský
parmský	parma	CHANGE: a --> ský
paštský	Pašta	CHANGE: a --> ský
pastvinský	pastvina	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Pastviny
pelerinský	pelerina	CHANGE: a --> ský
petržalský	Petržala	CHANGE: a --> ský
pietranerský	Pietranera	CHANGE: a --> ský
pitinský	Pitina	CHANGE: a --> ský
planský	Plana	CHANGE: a --> ský
ploštinský	ploština	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Ploština
psinský	psina	CHANGE: a --> ský
pultanelský	Pultanela	CHANGE: a --> ský
punský	puna	CHANGE: a --> ský
radgonský	Radgona	CHANGE: a --> ský
rajský	Raja	CHANGE: a --> ský
raspenavský	Raspenava	CHANGE: a --> ský
rhônský	Rhôna	CHANGE: a --> ský
rimavský	Rimava	CHANGE: a --> ský
rokytský	rokyta	CHANGE: a --> ský
rolavský	Rolava	CHANGE: a --> ský
rotavský	Rotava	CHANGE: a --> ský
rusavský	Rusava	CHANGE: a --> ský
šabinský	Šabina	CHANGE: a --> ský
sábský	Sába	CHANGE: a --> ský
saharský	sahara	CHANGE: a --> ský
sajský	Saja	CHANGE: a --> ský
salamínský	Salamína	CHANGE: a --> ský
samarský	samara	CHANGE: a --> ský
samnitský	Samnita	CHANGE: a --> ský
savonlinnský	Savonlinna	CHANGE: a --> ský
selengský	Selenga	CHANGE: a --> ský
servitský	servita	CHANGE: a --> ský
sezemský	Sezema	CHANGE: a --> ský
sibřinský	Sibřina	CHANGE: a --> ský
sibyllský	Sibylla	CHANGE: a --> ský
sibylský	sibyla	CHANGE: a --> ský
sienský	siena	CHANGE: a --> ský
sikulský	Sikula	CHANGE: a --> ský
smědavský	Smědava	CHANGE: a --> ský
smolinský	Smolina	CHANGE: a --> ský
smrčinský	smrčina	CHANGE: a --> ský
sninský	Snina	CHANGE: a --> ský
sobotský	sobota	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Sobotka
sočský	Soča	CHANGE: a --> ský
sogdský	Sogda	CHANGE: a --> ský
solferinský	Solferina	CHANGE: a --> ský
sonorský	sonora	CHANGE: a --> ský
šopský	šopa	CHANGE: a --> ský
špádský	špáda	CHANGE: a --> ský
spartský	sparta	CHANGE: a --> ský
spolanský	Spolana	CHANGE: a --> ský
sprévský	Spréva	CHANGE: a --> ský
stařešinský	stařešina	CHANGE: a --> ský
stěnský	stěna	CHANGE: a --> ský
štítinský	Štítina	CHANGE: a --> ský
stranský	Strana	CHANGE: a --> ský
štrbský	Štrba	CHANGE: a --> ský
střelský	střela	CHANGE: a --> ský
stupavský	Stupava	CHANGE: a --> ský
súfíjský	súfíja	CHANGE: a --> ský
sumarský	Sumara	CHANGE: a --> ský
sviňský	sviňa	CHANGE: a --> ský
svobodský	svoboda	CHANGE: a --> ský
talský	tala	CHANGE: a --> ský
tiberský	Tibera	CHANGE: a --> ský
tswanský	Tswana	CHANGE: a --> ský
úhlavský	Úhlava	CHANGE: a --> ský
urdský	urda	CHANGE: a --> ský
útvinský	Útvina	CHANGE: a --> ský
vebský	Veba	CHANGE: a --> ský
vejvodský	vejvoda	CHANGE: a --> ský
vesetský	Veseta	CHANGE: a --> ský
vezerský	Vezera	CHANGE: a --> ský
villanovský	Villanova	CHANGE: a --> ský
vinetský	Vineta	CHANGE: a --> ský
vladislavský	Vladislava	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Vladislav
vlárský	Vlára	CHANGE: a --> ský
vojvodinský	Vojvodina	CHANGE: a --> ský
vorkutský	Vorkuta	CHANGE: a --> ský
vranský	Vrana	CHANGE: a --> ský
vrchovinský	vrchovina	CHANGE: a --> ský
vřesinský	Vřesina	CHANGE: a --> ský
vršatský	Vršata	CHANGE: a --> ský
výravský	Výrava	CHANGE: a --> ský
výšinský	výšina	CHANGE: a --> ský
vysočinský	vysočina	CHANGE: a --> ský
wahhábitský	wahhábita	CHANGE: a --> ský
walhallský	Walhalla	CHANGE: a --> ský
zábranský	zábrana	CHANGE: a --> ský
zámorský	zámora	CHANGE: a --> ský
zásadský	zásada	CHANGE: a --> ský
závadský	závada	CHANGE: a --> ský
zdislavský	Zdislava	CHANGE: a --> ský
želetavský	Želetava	CHANGE: a --> ský
želnavský	Želnava	CHANGE: a --> ský
zélótský	zélóta	CHANGE: a --> ský
ženklavský	Ženklava	CHANGE: a --> ský
žilinský	žilina	CHANGE: a --> ský Z: Žilina
ochráncovský	ochránce	CHANGE: ce --> covský
původcovský	původce	CHANGE: ce --> covský
správcovský	správce	CHANGE: ce --> covský
bíčkářský	Bíček	CHANGE: ček --> čkářský
čajíčkářský	čajíček	CHANGE: ček --> čkářský
chlebíčkářský	chlebíček	CHANGE: ček --> čkářský
pámbíčkářský	pámbíček	CHANGE: ček --> čkářský
ansbašský	Ansbach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
curyšský	Curych	CHANGE: ch --> šský
durlašský	Durlach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
ebersbašský	Ebersbach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
karabašský	Karabach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
kazašský	Kazach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
korbašský	Korbach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
krompašský	Krompach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
lutyšský	Lutych	CHANGE: ch --> šský
olašský	Olach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
ořešský	ořech	CHANGE: ch --> šský
přepyšský	přepych	CHANGE: ch --> šský Z: Přepychy
seifenbašský	Seifenbach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
sršský	Srch	CHANGE: ch --> šský
sulzbašský	Sulzbach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
vojtěšský	Vojtěch	CHANGE: ch --> šský
welšský	Welch	CHANGE: ch --> šský
wittelsbašský	Wittelsbach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
žampašský	Žampach	CHANGE: ch --> šský
adelaidský	Adelaide	CHANGE: e --> ský
airdalský	airdale	CHANGE: e --> ský
albertvillský	Albertville	CHANGE: e --> ský
alpinský	Alpine	CHANGE: e --> ský Z: Alpy
baltimorský	Baltimore	CHANGE: e --> ský
baskervillský	baskerville	CHANGE: e --> ský
bedfordshirský	Bedfordshire	CHANGE: e --> ský
belizský	Belize	CHANGE: e --> ský
braillský	Braille	CHANGE: e --> ský
brontský	Bronte	CHANGE: e --> ský
cambridgský	Cambridge	CHANGE: e --> ský
carolinský	Caroline	CHANGE: e --> ský
cayennský	cayenne	CHANGE: e --> ský
cetinjský	Cetinje	CHANGE: e --> ský
chilský	Chile	CHANGE: e --> ský
chyšský	Chyše	CHANGE: e --> ský
clydesdalský	clydesdale	CHANGE: e --> ský
delawarský	Delaware	CHANGE: e --> ský
dorský	Dore	CHANGE: e --> ský
drahotušský	Drahotuše	CHANGE: e --> ský
dušanbský	Dušanbe	CHANGE: e --> ský
dyjský	Dyje	CHANGE: e --> ský
fiesolský	Fiesole	CHANGE: e --> ský
fizulský	fizule	CHANGE: e --> ský
flájský	Fláje	CHANGE: e --> ský
folknářský	Folknáře	CHANGE: e --> ský
galiský	Galie	CHANGE: e --> ský
gardský	garde	CHANGE: e --> ský
goraždský	Goražde	CHANGE: e --> ský
grenvillský	Grenville	CHANGE: e --> ský
guadalupský	Guadalupe	CHANGE: e --> ský
halžský	halže	CHANGE: e --> ský
hararský	Harare	CHANGE: e --> ský
hleďsebský	Hleďsebe	CHANGE: e --> ský
homolský	homole	CHANGE: e --> ský Z: Homole
hostokryjský	Hostokryje	CHANGE: e --> ský
itský	Ite	CHANGE: e --> ský
joinvillský	Joinville	CHANGE: e --> ský
josefinský	Josefine	CHANGE: e --> ský
kamský	Kame	CHANGE: e --> ský
klevský	Kleve	CHANGE: e --> ský
kněžpolský	Kněžpole	CHANGE: e --> ský
košířský	Košíře	CHANGE: e --> ský
kremžský	Kremže	CHANGE: e --> ský
křemžský	Křemže	CHANGE: e --> ský
krkonošský	Krkonoše	CHANGE: e --> ský
kumský	Kume	CHANGE: e --> ský
kušský	kuše	CHANGE: e --> ský
lausannský	Lausanne	CHANGE: e --> ský
livermorský	Livermore	CHANGE: e --> ský
lužský	Luže	CHANGE: e --> ský
lysolajský	Lysolaje	CHANGE: e --> ský
mandevillský	Mandeville	CHANGE: e --> ský
marseillský	Marseille	CHANGE: e --> ský
martinský	Martine	CHANGE: e --> ský
matabelský	Matabele	CHANGE: e --> ský
melbournský	Melbourne	CHANGE: e --> ský
mořský	moře	CHANGE: e --> ský
musgravský	Musgrave	CHANGE: e --> ský
narbonnský	Narbonne	CHANGE: e --> ský
nashvillský	Nashville	CHANGE: e --> ský
ndebelský	Ndebele	CHANGE: e --> ský
orknejský	Orkneje	CHANGE: e --> ský
ottonský	Ottone	CHANGE: e --> ský
palský	Pale	CHANGE: e --> ský
pažský	paže	CHANGE: e --> ský
piavský	Piave	CHANGE: e --> ský
přepeřský	Přepeře	CHANGE: e --> ský
prievidzský	Prievidze	CHANGE: e --> ský
pyrenejský	Pyreneje	CHANGE: e --> ský
řeporyjský	Řeporyje	CHANGE: e --> ský
rivský	Rive	CHANGE: e --> ský
roskildský	Roskilde	CHANGE: e --> ský
sabinský	Sabine	CHANGE: e --> ský
sekulský	Sekule	CHANGE: e --> ský
skryjský	Skryje	CHANGE: e --> ský
slavský	Slave	CHANGE: e --> ský
svinařský	Svinaře	CHANGE: e --> ský
tamperský	Tampere	CHANGE: e --> ský
tatský	Tate	CHANGE: e --> ský
temžský	Temže	CHANGE: e --> ský
thulský	Thule	CHANGE: e --> ský
tombstonský	Tombstone	CHANGE: e --> ský
vlorský	Vlore	CHANGE: e --> ský
voltairský	Voltaire	CHANGE: e --> ský
whetstonský	whetstone	CHANGE: e --> ský
yalský	Yale	CHANGE: e --> ský
yellowstonský	Yellowstone	CHANGE: e --> ský
yorkshirský	Yorkshire	CHANGE: e --> ský
yosemitský	Yosemite	CHANGE: e --> ský
zimbabwský	Zimbabwe	CHANGE: e --> ský
abelovský	Abeles	CHANGE: es --> ovský
archimedovský	Archimedes	CHANGE: es --> ovský
aristotelovský	Aristoteles	CHANGE: es --> ovský
beatlovský	Beatles	CHANGE: es --> ovský
damoklovský	Damokles	CHANGE: es --> ovský
dantovský	Dantes	CHANGE: es --> ovský
descartovský	Descartes	CHANGE: es --> ovský
eukleidovský	Eukleides	CHANGE: es --> ovský
euklidovský	Euklides	CHANGE: es --> ovský
herkulovský	herkules	CHANGE: es --> ovský
parmenidovský	Parmenides	CHANGE: es --> ovský
sokratovský	Sokrates	CHANGE: es --> ovský
konžský	Kongo	CHANGE: go --> žský
rižský	Rigo	CHANGE: go --> žský Z: Riga
tožský	Togo	CHANGE: go --> žský
břežský	břeh	CHANGE: h --> žský Z: Břeh
brložský	brloh	CHANGE: h --> žský
koželužský	koželuh	CHANGE: h --> žský
navažský	Navah	CHANGE: h --> žský
neznabožský	neznaboh	CHANGE: h --> žský
utažský	Utah	CHANGE: h --> žský
užský	Uh	CHANGE: h --> žský
vážský	váh	CHANGE: h --> žský Z: Váh
alexandrijský	Alexandrie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
antiochijský	Antiochie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
arijský	Arie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
árijský	árie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
austrasijský	Austrasie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
baktrijský	Baktrie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
bolívijský	Bolívie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
eastasijský	Eastasie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
eretrijský	Eretrie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
eurasijský	Eurasie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
galicijský	Galicie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
indijský	Indie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
istrijský	Istrie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
kalabrijský	Kalabrie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
kolumbijský	Kolumbie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
namibijský	Namibie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
narnijský	Narnie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
neustrijský	Neustrie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
nigérijský	Nigérie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
nikósijský	Nikósie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
núbijský	Núbie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
olympijský	Olympie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
pýthijský	Pýthie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
tanzanijský	Tanzanie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
valencijský	Valencie	CHANGE: ie --> ijský
adžárský	Adžárie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
aiolský	Aiolie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
andský	Andie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
apulský	Apulie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
arkadský	Arkadie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
arkádský	Arkádie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
asturský	Asturie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
austrálský	Austrálie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
batavský	Batavie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
bergenský	bergenie	CHANGE: ie --> ský Z: Bergen
boiótský	Boiótie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
dardanský	Dardanie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
ethiopský	Ethiopie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
etiopský	etiopie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
filadelfský	Filadelfie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
?fúrský	fúrie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
gubernský	gubernie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
hernský	hernie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
hispanský	Hispanie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
hispánský	Hispánie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
iónský	Iónie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
jugoslávský	Jugoslávie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
?julský	Julie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
kaledonský	Kaledonie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
kalvárský	kalvárie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
kastilský	Kastilie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
katánský	Katánie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
kolský	kolie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
kubský	Kubie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
lívský	Lívie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
lukánský	Lukánie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
makedonský	makedonie	CHANGE: ie --> ský Z: Makedonie
mauretánský	Mauretánie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
mauritánský	Mauritánie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
messénský	Messénie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
normandský	Normandie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
padánský	Padánie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
patagonský	Patagonie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
pennsylvánský	Pennsylvánie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
pensylvánský	Pensylvánie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
pikardský	Pikardie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
pinský	pinie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
rafinerský	rafinerie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
satrapský	satrapie	CHANGE: ie --> ský Z: satrapa
saturnálský	saturnálie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
skandinávský	Skandinávie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
slávský	Slávie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
sodomský	sodomie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
tanzanský	Tanzanie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
tanzánský	Tanzánie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
tasmánský	Tasmánie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
thesalský	Thesalie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
tramtárský	tramtárie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
turkménský	Turkménie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
virginský	Virginie	CHANGE: ie --> ský
afgánský	Afgání	CHANGE: í --> ský
bagdadský	Bagdadí	CHANGE: í --> ský
chmelenský	chmelení	CHANGE: í --> ský
falckrabský	falckrabí	CHANGE: í --> ský
hájenský	hájení	CHANGE: í --> ský
horehronský	Horehroní	CHANGE: í --> ský
jalubský	Jalubí	CHANGE: í --> ský
jestřebský	Jestřebí	CHANGE: í --> ský
kádijánský	Kádijání	CHANGE: í --> ský
kaljánský	Kaljání	CHANGE: í --> ský
lepenský	lepení	CHANGE: í --> ský
loučenský	loučení	CHANGE: í --> ský Z: Loučná
lovenský	lovení	CHANGE: í --> ský
markrabský	markrabí	CHANGE: í --> ský
míšenský	míšení	CHANGE: í --> ský Z: Míšeň
?mládský	mládí	CHANGE: í --> ský
nedvězský	Nedvězí	CHANGE: í --> ský
osečenský	osečení	CHANGE: í --> ský Z: Osečná
osvícenský	osvícení	CHANGE: í --> ský
osvobozenský	osvobození	CHANGE: í --> ský
ozdravenský	ozdravení	CHANGE: í --> ský
plavenský	plavení	CHANGE: í --> ský
přídolský	Přídolí	CHANGE: í --> ský
příslušenský	příslušení	CHANGE: í --> ský
ptenský	Ptení	CHANGE: í --> ský
purkrabský	purkrabí	CHANGE: í --> ský
sámský	Sámí	CHANGE: í --> ský
sněženský	sněžení	CHANGE: í --> ský Z: Sněžné
?spálenský	spálení	CHANGE: í --> ský
spolský	Spolí	CHANGE: í --> ský
svěřenský	svěření	CHANGE: í --> ský
tlučenský	tlučení	CHANGE: í --> ský
urozenský	urození	CHANGE: í --> ský
úsobský	Úsobí	CHANGE: í --> ský
vendolský	Vendolí	CHANGE: í --> ský
vypovězenský	vypovězení	CHANGE: í --> ský
záalpský	Záalpí	CHANGE: í --> ský
záblatský	Záblatí	CHANGE: í --> ský
zábořský	Záboří	CHANGE: í --> ský
zábrodský	Zábrodí	CHANGE: í --> ský
záchlumský	Záchlumí	CHANGE: í --> ský
záhrobský	záhrobí	CHANGE: í --> ský
záhumenský	záhumení	CHANGE: í --> ský
zákostelský	zákostelí	CHANGE: í --> ský
zálešský	Záleší	CHANGE: í --> ský
zálužský	Záluží	CHANGE: í --> ský
zámořský	zámoří	CHANGE: í --> ský
záporožský	Záporoží	CHANGE: í --> ský
zářečský	zářečí	CHANGE: í --> ský
zásvětský	zásvětí	CHANGE: í --> ský
zátišský	zátiší	CHANGE: í --> ský Z: Zátiší
zázemský	zázemí	CHANGE: í --> ský
zbožský	zboží	CHANGE: í --> ský
zbytský	zbytí	CHANGE: í --> ský
zubřský	Zubří	CHANGE: í --> ský
altenburský	Altenburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
amberský	Amberg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
augsburský	Augsburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
duisburský	Duisburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
freiberský	Freiberg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
freiburský	Freiburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
gettysburský	Gettysburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
godesberský	Godesberg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
göteborský	Göteborg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
heidelberský	Heidelberg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
hindenburský	Hindenburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
jamburský	Jamburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
johannesburský	Johannesburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
marburský	Marburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
orenburský	Orenburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
oseberský	Oseberg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
peterburský	Peterburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
petěrburský	Petěrburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
pittsburský	Pittsburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
regensburský	Regensburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
röhrenberský	Röhrenberg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
rothenburský	Rothenburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
schaumburský	Schaumburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
sonderburský	Sonderburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
starnberský	Starnberg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
wittenberský	Wittenberg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
wolfsburský	Wolfsburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
würzburský	Würzburg	CHANGE: rg --> rský
annaberský	Annaberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
augšpurský	Augšpurk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
babenberský	Babenberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
bílenberský	Bílenberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
brušperský	Brušperk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
edinburský	Edinburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
frýdberský	Frýdberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
frymburský	Frymburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
fürstenberský	Fürstenberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
habsburský	Habsburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
hamburský	Hamburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
hartenberský	Hartenberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
homburský	Homburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
krucemburský	Krucemburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
kružberský	Kružberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
kynšperský	Kynšperk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
kyšperský	Kyšperk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
lanšperský	Lanšperk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
lemberský	Lemberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
lichtemburský	Lichtemburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
luxemburský	Luxemburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
magdeburský	Magdeburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
naumburský	Naumburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
neuburský	Neuburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
norimberský	Norimberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
perský	perk	CHANGE: rk --> rský Z: Persie
ranšpurský	Ranšpurk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
rýzmberský	Rýzmberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
rýzmburský	Rýzmburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
salzburský	Salzburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
špilberský	Špilberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
štamberský	Štamberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
štramberský	Štramberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
štrasburský	Štrasburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
šumbarský	Šumbark	CHANGE: rk --> rský
švamberský	Švamberk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
vízmburský	Vízmburk	CHANGE: rk --> rský
balírenský	balírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
barvírenský	barvírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
briketárenský	briketárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
brusírenský	brusírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
čekárenský	čekárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
cementárenský	cementárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
chladírenský	chladírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
chlebárenský	chlebárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
čistírenský	čistírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
čítárenský	čítárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
cukrárenský	cukrárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
cvočkárenský	cvočkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
cvokárenský	cvokárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
dehtárenský	dehtárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
drožďárenský	drožďárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
drůbežárenský	drůbežárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
dusíkárenský	dusíkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
dýhárenský	dýhárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
elektrárenský	elektrárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
fezárenský	fezárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
gumárenský	gumárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
hliníkárenský	hliníkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
?horenský	horna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
hřebíkárenský	hřebíkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
jirchárenský	jirchárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
jízdárenský	jízdárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
kalírenský	kalírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
karosárenský	karosárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
kasárenský	kasárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
kavárenský	kavárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
klihárenský	klihárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
knoflíkárenský	knoflíkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
koksárenský	koksárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
konírenský	konírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
konzervárenský	konzervárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
kovárenský	kovárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
krajkárenský	krajkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
kreslírenský	kreslírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
ladírenský	ladírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
lahvárenský	lahvárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
ledárenský	ledárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
lehárenský	lehárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
lékárenský	lékárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
leštírenský	leštírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
loupárenský	loupárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
mědárenský	mědárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
měnírenský	měnírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
mlékárenský	mlékárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
množírenský	množírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
moštárenský	moštárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
mrazírenský	mrazírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
mučírenský	mučírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
mydlárenský	mydlárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
nalévárenský	nalévárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
nástrojárenský	nástrojárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
noclehárenský	noclehárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
ocelárenský	ocelárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
octárenský	octárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
oplatkárenský	oplatkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
opravárenský	opravárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
ozubárenský	ozubárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
palírenský	palírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
papírenský	papírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
pečivárenský	pečivárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
pekárenský	pekárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
plechárenský	plechárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
pletárenský	pletárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
plovárenský	plovárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
plynárenský	plynárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
punčochárenský	punčochárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
rybárenský	rybárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
rychlírenský	rychlírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
sazárenský	sazárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
sirkárenský	sirkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
škrobárenský	škrobárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
slévárenský	slévárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
směnárenský	směnárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
smyrenský	Smyrna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
sodovkárenský	sodovkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
soukárenský	soukárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
spižírenský	spižírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
správkárenský	správkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
šroubárenský	šroubárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
stáčírenský	stáčírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
střihárenský	střihárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
strojírenský	strojírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
sušárenský	sušárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
svíčkárenský	svíčkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
syrečkárenský	syrečkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
teplárenský	teplárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
tesárenský	tesárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
těstárenský	těstárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
tiskárenský	tiskárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
továrenský	továrna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
truhlárenský	truhlárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
tužkárenský	tužkárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
účtárenský	účtárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
udírenský	udírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
varenský	varna	CHANGE: rna --> renský Z: Varna
vazárenský	vazárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
věštírenský	věštírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
vinárenský	vinárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
vodárenský	vodárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
žabárenský	žabárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
zásobárenský	zásobárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
zbrojírenský	zbrojírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
žehlírenský	žehlírna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
zelárenský	zelárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
železárenský	železárna	CHANGE: rna --> renský
adršpašský	Adršpašsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
adygský	Adygsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
adžarský	Adžarsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
akvitánský	Akvitánsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
algavský	Algavsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
alsaský	Alsasko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
argentinský	argentinsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
asijský	asijsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
bádenský	Bádensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
balkarský	Balkarsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
basutský	Basutsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
bechyňský	Bechyňsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
berounský	Berounsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
bielský	Bielsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
bílinský	Bílinsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
blanenský	Blanensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
blanský	Blansko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
blatenský	Blatensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
bojkovský	Bojkovsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
boleslavský	Boleslavsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
borovoladský	Borovoladsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
bosenský	bosensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
brandenburský	Brandenbursko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
brandýský	Brandýsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
březovský	Březovsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
březský	Březsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
brněnský	brněnsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Brno
čapkovský	čapkovsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
český	česko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
chakaský	Chakasko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
chomutovský	Chomutovsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
chotilský	Chotilsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
chrastavský	Chrastavsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
chropyňský	Chropyňsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
chvojenský	Chvojensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
čínský	čínsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
?cizozemský	cizozemsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
čuchonský	Čuchonsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
dobrzyňský	Dobrzyňsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
durynský	Durynsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
duryňský	Duryňsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
eisenašský	Eisenašsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
estonský	Estonsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
friaulský	Friaulsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
fríský	Frísko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
fryšavský	Fryšavsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
furlandský	Furlandsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
gaskoňský	Gaskoňsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
grónský	Grónsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
henegavský	Henegavsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
hennegavský	Hennegavsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
hesenský	Hesensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
hlinský	Hlinsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
holandský	holandsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Holandsko
holštýnský	Holštýnsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
?hradiský	hradisko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
hřenský	Hřensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
hustopečský	Hustopečsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
japonský	japonsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Japonsko
jevíčský	Jevíčsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Jevíčko
jordánský	Jordánsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
judský	Judsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
jülišský	Jülišsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
kabardský	Kabardsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
kalifornský	kalifornsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Kalifornie
karačajevský	Karačajevsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
karlovarský	karlovarsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
karvinský	Karvinsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Karviná
katalánský	katalánsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
kdyňský	Kdyňsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
kelečský	Kelečsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
kirgizský	Kirgizsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
kladenský	Kladensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Kladno
kněževeský	Kněževesko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Kněževes
kolínský	Kolínsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Kolín
košumberský	Košumbersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Košumberk
krajinský	Krajinsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
kraňský	Kraňsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
krásenský	Krásensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
křemežský	Křemežsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Kremže
kubánský	kubánsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Kuba
kuronský	Kuronsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
?kutnohorský	Kutnohorsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
kvildský	Kvildsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Kvilda
laponský	Laponsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
latgalský	Latgalsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
lešenský	Lešensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
lhotský	Lhotsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Lhota
libčeveský	Libčevesko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Libčeves
ličenský	Ličensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Lično
limburský	Limbursko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
lipenský	Lipensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Lipno
lipský	Lipsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
litevský	Litevsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Litva
livonský	Livonsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
loňský	loňsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
lotrinský	Lotrinsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
lucemburský	Lucembursko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
lüneburský	Lünebursko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
lyský	Lysko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
magadhský	Magadhsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
malajsijský	malajsijsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Malajsie
malajský	Malajsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
meklenburský	Meklenbursko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
městský	městsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: město
metelský	Metelsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
minsterberský	Minsterbersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
minstrberský	Minstrbersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
modravský	Modravsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Modrava
moldavský	Moldavsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Moldávie
moskevský	moskevsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Moskva
mšenský	Mšensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Mšeno
murmanský	Murmansko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Murmansk
nasavský	Nasavsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
niský	Nisko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
nitrianský	Nitriansko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Nitra
nizozemský	Nizozemsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
njaský	Njasko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
nymburský	Nymbursko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Nymburk
nýrský	Nýrsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
ochotský	Ochotsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
oderský	Odersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Odry
oldenburský	Oldenbursko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
opočenský	Opočensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Opočno
opolský	Opolsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
oraňský	Oraňsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
osetinský	Osetinsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
osoblažský	Osoblažsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
pilský	Pilsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
přimdský	Přimdsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Přimda
pruský	Prusko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
rakouský	rakousko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Rakousko
ralský	Ralsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
ranský	Ransko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
řipský	Řipsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Říp
rovenský	Rovensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
rožmitálský	Rožmitálsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Rožmitál
rumburský	Rumbursko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Rumburk
salcburský	Salcbursko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Salcburk
sardinský	Sardinsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Sardinie
sárský	Sársko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
skalský	Skalsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
slánský	Slánsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
slavonský	Slavonsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
slovenský	slovensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Slovensko
slovinský	Slovinsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
sokolovský	Sokolovsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Sokolov
somálský	Somálsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
soudružský	soudružsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: soudruh
šternberský	Šternbersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Šternberk
stříbrský	Stříbrsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Stříbro
suchumský	Suchumsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Suchumi
šumperský	Šumpersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Šumperk
svazijský	Svazijsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
světelský	Světelsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
tepelský	Tepelsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
texaský	texasko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Texas
thajský	Thajsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
toskánský	Toskánsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
třebovský	Třebovsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Třebová
třebský	Třebsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
třemošenský	Třemošensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
trhosvinenský	Trhosvinensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
tuniský	Tunisko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
tuzemský	tuzemsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
?uherskobrodský	Uherskobrodsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
ukrajinský	ukrajinsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Ukrajina
vamberský	Vambersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Vamberk
veselský	Veselsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
vidnavský	Vidnavsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Vidnava
vimperský	Vimpersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Vimperk
vlaský	Vlasko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
vltavotýnský	Vltavotýnsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
vorarlberský	Vorarlbersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
vrbenský	Vrbensko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
vrchlabský	Vrchlabsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Vrchlabí
vyšebrodský	Vyšebrodsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
wolkrovský	wolkrovsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
würtemberský	Würtembersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
württemberský	Württembersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
záhorský	Záhorsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Záhoří
zálabský	Zálabsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Labe
žamberský	Žambersko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Žamberk
zbirožský	Zbirožsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Zbiroh
zlatohorský	Zlatohorsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
znojemský	Znojemsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský Z: Znojmo
žulovský	Žulovsko	CHANGE: sko --> ský
ambrosiánský	Ambros	CHANGE: s --> siánský
batesiánský	Bates	CHANGE: s --> siánský
keynesiánský	Keynes	CHANGE: s --> siánský
abruzzský	Abruzzy	CHANGE: y --> ský
alpský	Alpy	CHANGE: y --> ský
aolandský	Aolandy	CHANGE: y --> ský
arraský	array	CHANGE: y --> ský
aškenázský	Aškenázy	CHANGE: y --> ský
audský	Audy	CHANGE: y --> ský
baleárský	Baleáry	CHANGE: y --> ský
benderský	Bendery	CHANGE: y --> ský
bermudský	bermudy	CHANGE: y --> ský Z: Bermudy
běšinský	Běšiny	CHANGE: y --> ský
bílanský	Bílany	CHANGE: y --> ský
bítovanský	Bítovany	CHANGE: y --> ský
blatinský	Blatiny	CHANGE: y --> ský
blšanský	Blšany	CHANGE: y --> ský
bolešinský	Bolešiny	CHANGE: y --> ský
borkovanský	Borkovany	CHANGE: y --> ský
bošanský	Bošany	CHANGE: y --> ský
božičanský	Božičany	CHANGE: y --> ský
braňanský	Braňany	CHANGE: y --> ský
branský	Brany	CHANGE: y --> ský
brdský	Brdy	CHANGE: y --> ský
březolupský	Březolupy	CHANGE: y --> ský
bruggský	Bruggy	CHANGE: y --> ský
bukovanský	Bukovany	CHANGE: y --> ský
burský	Bury	CHANGE: y --> ský
býchorský	Býchory	CHANGE: y --> ský
bylanský	Bylany	CHANGE: y --> ský
bystřanský	Bystřany	CHANGE: y --> ský
bystrovanský	Bystrovany	CHANGE: y --> ský
čeboksarský	Čeboksary	CHANGE: y --> ský
čejkovský	Čejkovy	CHANGE: y --> ský
čerčanský	Čerčany	CHANGE: y --> ský
choceradský	Chocerady	CHANGE: y --> ský
chodounský	Chodouny	CHANGE: y --> ský
chotovinský	Chotoviny	CHANGE: y --> ský
chotýšanský	Chotýšany	CHANGE: y --> ský
chřibský	Chřiby	CHANGE: y --> ský
chrobolský	Chroboly	CHANGE: y --> ský
chvalšinský	Chvalšiny	CHANGE: y --> ský
chvatěrubský	Chvatěruby	CHANGE: y --> ský
chynoranský	Chynorany	CHANGE: y --> ský
citolibský	Citoliby	CHANGE: y --> ský
doksanský	Doksany	CHANGE: y --> ský
dolanský	Dolany	CHANGE: y --> ský
doloplazský	Doloplazy	CHANGE: y --> ský
dubňanský	Dubňany	CHANGE: y --> ský
dukovanský	Dukovany	CHANGE: y --> ský
dymokurský	Dymokury	CHANGE: y --> ský
fárský	fáry	CHANGE: y --> ský
ferrský	Ferry	CHANGE: y --> ský
fifejdský	Fifejdy	CHANGE: y --> ský
filipínský	filipíny	CHANGE: y --> ský
gbelský	Gbely	CHANGE: y --> ský
habrovanský	Habrovany	CHANGE: y --> ský
hodolanský	Hodolany	CHANGE: y --> ský
hovoranský	Hovorany	CHANGE: y --> ský
hrušovanský	Hrušovany	CHANGE: y --> ský
hvožďanský	Hvožďany	CHANGE: y --> ský
hylvátský	Hylváty	CHANGE: y --> ský
jesenčanský	Jesenčany	CHANGE: y --> ský
jevanský	Jevany	CHANGE: y --> ský
jirčanský	Jirčany	CHANGE: y --> ský
jurmalský	Jurmaly	CHANGE: y --> ský
jurský	jury	CHANGE: y --> ský Z: jura
kacanovský	Kacanovy	CHANGE: y --> ský
kanadský	kanady	CHANGE: y --> ský Z: Kanada
kartouzský	Kartouzy	CHANGE: y --> ský
kestřanský	Kestřany	CHANGE: y --> ský
klíčanský	Klíčany	CHANGE: y --> ský
kobylský	Kobyly	CHANGE: y --> ský
kokorský	Kokory	CHANGE: y --> ský
konětopský	Konětopy	CHANGE: y --> ský
konojedský	Konojedy	CHANGE: y --> ský
kopaninský	Kopaniny	CHANGE: y --> ský
kordillerský	Kordillery	CHANGE: y --> ský
košťanský	Košťany	CHANGE: y --> ský
kostelanský	Kostelany	CHANGE: y --> ský
kostomlatský	Kostomlaty	CHANGE: y --> ský
košútský	Košúty	CHANGE: y --> ský
kotojedský	Kotojedy	CHANGE: y --> ský
kožlanský	Kožlany	CHANGE: y --> ský
kozojedský	Kozojedy	CHANGE: y --> ský
kozolupský	Kozolupy	CHANGE: y --> ský
kralupský	Kralupy	CHANGE: y --> ský
krchlebský	Krchleby	CHANGE: y --> ský
kročehlavský	Kročehlavy	CHANGE: y --> ský
křtinský	křtiny	CHANGE: y --> ský Z: Křtiny
kryrský	Kryry	CHANGE: y --> ský
kujavský	Kujavy	CHANGE: y --> ský
kuklenský	Kukleny	CHANGE: y --> ský
kukský	Kuky	CHANGE: y --> ský
kvasinský	Kvasiny	CHANGE: y --> ský
kykladský	Kyklady	CHANGE: y --> ský
labský	Laby	CHANGE: y --> ský Z: Labe
lešanský	Lešany	CHANGE: y --> ský
letinský	Letiny	CHANGE: y --> ský
libčanský	Libčany	CHANGE: y --> ský
libišanský	Libišany	CHANGE: y --> ský
lišanský	Lišany	CHANGE: y --> ský
líšťanský	Líšťany	CHANGE: y --> ský
losinský	Losiny	CHANGE: y --> ský
loučanský	Loučany	CHANGE: y --> ský
lúčanský	Lúčany	CHANGE: y --> ský
mallorský	Mallory	CHANGE: y --> ský
malvínský	Malvíny	CHANGE: y --> ský
maninský	Maniny	CHANGE: y --> ský
marianský	Mariany	CHANGE: y --> ský
markézský	Markézy	CHANGE: y --> ský
mcelský	Mcely	CHANGE: y --> ský
měcholupský	Měcholupy	CHANGE: y --> ský
mekský	Meky	CHANGE: y --> ský
métský	Méty	CHANGE: y --> ský
mlázovský	Mlázovy	CHANGE: y --> ský
mlčechvostský	Mlčechvosty	CHANGE: y --> ský
mlyňanský	Mlyňany	CHANGE: y --> ský
modlanský	Modlany	CHANGE: y --> ský
monský	Mony	CHANGE: y --> ský
moravičanský	Moravičany	CHANGE: y --> ský
nebočadský	Nebočady	CHANGE: y --> ský
nebovidský	Nebovidy	CHANGE: y --> ský
nečtinský	Nečtiny	CHANGE: y --> ský
nehvizdský	Nehvizdy	CHANGE: y --> ský
němčanský	Němčany	CHANGE: y --> ský
nesperský	Nespery	CHANGE: y --> ský
neuillský	Neuilly	CHANGE: y --> ský
obřanský	Obřany	CHANGE: y --> ský
olomučanský	Olomučany	CHANGE: y --> ský
olšanský	Olšany	CHANGE: y --> ský
opařanský	Opařany	CHANGE: y --> ský
osečanský	Osečany	CHANGE: y --> ský
oslanský	Oslany	CHANGE: y --> ský
oslavanský	Oslavany	CHANGE: y --> ský
osvětimanský	Osvětimany	CHANGE: y --> ský
ovčárský	Ovčáry	CHANGE: y --> ský
pcherský	Pchery	CHANGE: y --> ský
peceradský	Pecerady	CHANGE: y --> ský
petřinský	Petřiny	CHANGE: y --> ský
píšťanský	Píšťany	CHANGE: y --> ský
plaňanský	Plaňany	CHANGE: y --> ský
pláňavský	Pláňavy	CHANGE: y --> ský
pňovanský	Pňovany	CHANGE: y --> ský
příčovský	Příčovy	CHANGE: y --> ský
přívorský	Přívory	CHANGE: y --> ský
pustovětský	Pustověty	CHANGE: y --> ský
pyšelský	Pyšely	CHANGE: y --> ský
rášovský	Rášovy	CHANGE: y --> ský
renneský	Renney	CHANGE: y --> ský
řepský	Řepy	CHANGE: y --> ský
řisutský	Řisuty	CHANGE: y --> ský
rouchovanský	Rouchovany	CHANGE: y --> ský
rožanský	Rožany	CHANGE: y --> ský
ruský	Ruy	CHANGE: y --> ský
rýchorský	Rýchory	CHANGE: y --> ský
sajanský	Sajany	CHANGE: y --> ský
sánský	Sány	CHANGE: y --> ský
senohrabský	Senohraby	CHANGE: y --> ský
senomatský	Senomaty	CHANGE: y --> ský
senožatský	Senožaty	CHANGE: y --> ský
skvrňanský	Skvrňany	CHANGE: y --> ský
slovanský	Slovany	CHANGE: y --> ský
smolotelský	Smolotely	CHANGE: y --> ský
smrečanský	Smrečany	CHANGE: y --> ský
sopotský	Sopoty	CHANGE: y --> ský
stěžerský	Stěžery	CHANGE: y --> ský
štítarský	Štítary	CHANGE: y --> ský
studeňanský	Studeňany	CHANGE: y --> ský
svinčanský	Svinčany	CHANGE: y --> ský
svitavský	Svitavy	CHANGE: y --> ský
tatobitský	Tatobity	CHANGE: y --> ský
těšanský	Těšany	CHANGE: y --> ský
trnovanský	Trnovany	CHANGE: y --> ský
tučapský	Tučapy	CHANGE: y --> ský
tuklatský	Tuklaty	CHANGE: y --> ský
tupadlský	Tupadly	CHANGE: y --> ský
tuřanský	Tuřany	CHANGE: y --> ský
tyrolský	Tyroly	CHANGE: y --> ský
úpohlavský	Úpohlavy	CHANGE: y --> ský
vážanský	Vážany	CHANGE: y --> ský
vejprtský	Vejprty	CHANGE: y --> ský
veský	Vey	CHANGE: y --> ský
vnorovský	Vnorovy	CHANGE: y --> ský
voděradský	Voděrady	CHANGE: y --> ský
vodňanský	Vodňany	CHANGE: y --> ský
vodrantský	Vodranty	CHANGE: y --> ský
volšovský	Volšovy	CHANGE: y --> ský
vostřešanský	Vostřešany	CHANGE: y --> ský
vraňanský	Vraňany	CHANGE: y --> ský
vrdský	Vrdy	CHANGE: y --> ský
vršanský	Vršany	CHANGE: y --> ský
výčapský	Výčapy	CHANGE: y --> ský
zákolanský	Zákolany	CHANGE: y --> ský
žalanský	Žalany	CHANGE: y --> ský
zápský	Zápy	CHANGE: y --> ský
zárybský	Záryby	CHANGE: y --> ský
zbuzanský	Zbuzany	CHANGE: y --> ský
zbytinský	Zbytiny	CHANGE: y --> ský
zdibský	Zdiby	CHANGE: y --> ský
želarský	Želary	CHANGE: y --> ský
želízský	Želízy	CHANGE: y --> ský
žinkovský	Žinkovy	CHANGE: y --> ský
